if you could let us know the dealer you purchased from we can help further .
this is great ! glad that you are enjoying and as always if we can help with anything let us know <E-MAIL>
you 're welcome ! is there anything else we can do for you ?
wrong sms man . it 's 45926 .
thank you for letting us know , i will make sure your message gets to the right person .
can you please dm me the details ?
you can visit the store to get a line canceled .
if you dm us with the particulars we should be able to sort this out for you .
limited quantities are available in store now , new shipments from @adidas are expected in september .
this sounds like a problem for our local customer support . please go to <URL> for their contact info . i know they 'll be able to help you with this .
i 'm sorry to hear that there 's an issue with your delivery . could you dm your tracking number ?
hello <USER> , sleep deprivation has been an issue , but we 're looking into it now !
araian grande will b performing at 9pm .
we don 't currently have that info .
just smile .
nice to hear !
sorry about your experience , this may qualify for a compensation . please visit <URL> and answer some basic quuestions
pm us so that we can have this looked into .
free youtube is available to all prepaid customers .
awesome , have a great day
we 've contacted the number provided and left a message and direct contact information . hope to hear from you soon .
sorry to hear that , dm me if you still need help .
sorry your having so many issues , can you let me know the model number so i can see what we can do to help ?
glad we could help ! thank you for being a valued customer !
i just love the smell of new cards
what is the make and model of your car ? then please provide vin ( vehicle identification number ) to try assess the problem .
we are looking into it , thanks
you should be receiving your code soon . thanks for your patience .
offers for the rewards program can found in the rewards center online . let us know if you need help locating it :)
delays are part of travel . weather delays today . sorry for the inconvenience .
great ! make sure to send in a pic of you using redbox ! #redboxtake5sweepstake
hi <USER> , please give us a call at 1-800- shop-cvs so we can learn more and help you . cc : store team @cvs_extra
i am sorry to hear this . please dm me your details and i will look into it .
hi there , thank you for your interest ! unfortunately we don 't keep any copies around here , but you can grab one at any store near you .
what products did you use for your bath ?
i looks like it was a great day !
you are welcome ! they are valid as long as your account exists !
i am sorry to hear this . we don 't want you to give up hope .
madonna #madonnaatthebrits
we 're so glad we could help ! i 'd love to pass on your thanks to the team who helped you if ok with you , can i please have your reg ?
you can get a refund , please follow the link below
so sorry to hear about a negative experience . if you could send us a dm , we 'd be glad to look into the issue for you . thanks !
congrats and way to go !
sorry to hear that . send us a message and i 'll be happy to help you .
check your dm for updates .
that sounds absolutely amazing , and complicated . yum .
ooh , great pics ! so happy to hear you were impressed ! :)
those are just estimates
hello , we are currently working on solutions to the persistent crashing , the new patch will be out soon .
same to you
please call our customer service number and then dial 3 to get to the proper support line for assistance
what are you driving now ?
can you send me a dm with what service issues you are experiencing so i can further assist .
we are glad you enjoy it !
were any packages activated ?
please dm me details so i can help .
let 's see if your animals help you at the next event . #challenge
please send us a dm and we 'd be happy to further assist you !
you 're welcome !
hi <USER> ! sorry - my mistake ! please send the email to <E-MAIL> , this will reach our giving team . thank you !
i will check the message now
amazing customer and also employee 's .
only for this year so far ! things can change !
thank you and yes they do !
we 'd love to see you too !
love it ! looks like you had a great time !
not a problem . if there is anything else or you have the problem again , please do not hesitate to get back with us .
let us make this right for you . we may be able to help you with compensation . <URL>
please try following the instructions here <URL> .
if you can send me a private message i will be happy to help
we have provided you with a link .
i am glad you are satisfied .
i don 't scrutinize anymore , just drink and go
my coworkers @vmbusinesshelp will be able to assist you further .
do you know what company or organization they were from ?
hopefully the weather stays beautiful for your photo shoot . can 't wait to see the pictures !
the late fees on a 9 year old movie not returned , must be outrageous !
sorry for the bad experience we would be happy to get you a new bag if you bring the unused product back to the store
we would like to get more information about your device issue . please send us a dm we are happy to help .
you are very welcome !
hi ! do you need help ? please dm your name , delivery address , tracking , and phone number .
hi . we 've sent a reply to your latest reply . please respond when you can , thanks ! :)
i apologize for this issue . i want to resolve it for you today . send me a email at <E-MAIL> . thanks .
yes it is suppose to be innocent until proven guilty but that doesn 't seem to go for soccer players .
thanks for the love !
i am sorry that you are having these issues , i am running a search by your area , can you describe to me what exactly is happening ?
there are improvements coming to that location , thanks for the feedback
let me check and i will get back to you asap .
hi , we are sorry , unfortunately we do not at the moment .
what size are you looking for ? we may be re-stocking
hi , we can help you receive compensation , visit our page :
please call us at <NUMBERS> so we can assist you . thank you .
it varies from case to case , but we still do offer an all-inclusive option !
check out our website <URL> for a store locator . thanks .
what 's the issue you 're experiencing ? please send us a dm
thank you for reaching out . if you go to our dedicated customer pate : iwcare . someone from that team will be able to help you .
hello . how can we better assist you ?
we are sorry that you are having problems , please take your phone into a local repair center to help diagnose the problem .
we love to #boogytothebeat ! fun moments are meant to be captured , and we at nikon just help :)
flight cancellations are always hard . sorry to hear it hasn 't been a good experience . you may be able to get compensation for this . visit www.airline.com/cancellations for more information
each child is different so go with your gut .
i am not sure why our operators did not stop . if you like , please do fill a report regarding this matter at <URL> and we 'll look into this further .
thanks for the kind words . we thank you for your business .
hi <USER> , i 'd like to help . can you please dm me the date / time and approximate address where you saw this happen ?
please dm us your contact information so we can investigate this matter .
sorry about the flight problems , you could be eligible for compensation visit <URL>
we would like to offer apologies . email us so we can fix it the issue .
inbox us on our faceoook page with your number and we will direct you further .
always nice to hear from a satisfied customer !
if you can provide the ntel number , we 'd be happy to help
i am sorry to hear this . send me a dm and i will be happy to help .
so sorry to hear that . dates can be modified by calling us at <NUMBERS>
please call us and we can avoid this problem in the future
this is an error on our part and i apologize , please provide me info so we can send you a voucher .
so sorry to hear this . if you 'll fill out your detail here <URL> i 'd be happy to get a replacement out to you asap .
this is the correct number for wefalre team : 888-867-5309
is there a 72 or 48 hour option ? , i don 't even mind paying a little extra .
this is not acceptable , please email us to further discuss this
we know animal welfare is important .
we think that 's a super choice !
thank you for your support ! #uptheblues ! <URL>
definitely a tough choice !
if you need help , please reach out to us at @wind_cares . we 'll help you troubleshoot any issues !
thanks for giving your valuable feedback . hearing from you made my day . thank you .
please give us a chance to help you .
hello <USER> , thanks for your message . please send a dm and we 'll take care of this for you .
hi there . customers will be notified when we 're to cover the southeast very soon .
apologies , we seem to have mis-identified the promo u were referring to . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help to look into your account .
can you elaborate ? did you have an issue with a card reader ?
you 're the real mvp !
no need to wait any longer , i am here , what issues are you having ?
we do not . sorry about that !
good job ! we look forward to the follow up .
i can understand being upset ! please email the store location and your account .
thanks for choosing us <USER> . have a great saturday ! :)
follow the link to see how to get a discount off clip 2 , then answer 3 quick questions about our twitter support .
i have provided your refund . please let me know if you have any further issues .
the link to sign up is <URL> please do so for a great gaming experience .
the dealership will have more info on this , do you want contact info
make sure to watch @iamtwala tomorrow night on @etv at 20h30 .
thanks for posting !
can i hav your tracking number to see where the driver might be today ?
try this <URL> .
sorry to hear you 're unhappy . send us your contact details so we can help .
sorry for the problems . i would like to help . please contact me . thanks
yes many but we are most excited about the d5500 which would match your described needs perfectly .
sweet and delicious ðŸ˜‰
the only way to get an item that isnt in stores is to buy online
we will be pushing out an update next week !
storytelling can be magical .
please contact customer service to review your re-booking options .
we are sorry for the inconvenience . please dm us your contact information so we can contact you directly to resolve your issue .
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
this is an ongoing situation , we will update accordingly
yes !
just saw your tweet . give us a heads up so we can reach you !
i would really like to help you with this . you can dm me with your information .
hi , can you tel me if you bought from our website or retailer ?
ok , thank you . let me get your information and see what we can do .
send us a dm today with your email and phone and we will help yo uout .
that doesn 't sound right . please dm me with your info so we can assist you .
sorry <USER> to hear about this please send us a dm or email us at <E-MAIL> for assistance
i am sorry to hear about our mistake . would you please send me a your order number so i can look into this problem for you ?
hi <USER> ! i would be glad to helo you .
can you tell us the bus number please ?
gotcha . if you could shoot us a dm with your order number , we can look into this for you .
thank you for bringing this to my attention . i will alert our team so that they may address this promptly .
we 'll work on that and provide them as soon as possible .
it 'll be available until halloween , so be prepared ! :)
thanks for joining !
which device are you using ?
we are sorry to hear that ! please contact customer care so we can help or visit a store .
great photos !
what needs to be repaired ?
please dm me your name , delivery address , and tracking number and i 'd be glad to help
we do understand and will provide compensation when you are out of service .
we want to help customer get compensated for flight delays .
tal ben halm !
please dm your order number and we 'll check it out for you , .
you can keep up to date with all of our latest news by checking out website <URL> . thanks !
i am very sorry to hear this , please contact <E-MAIL> for assistance .
hi , we recently started anew page : @iwcare a member of that team will be able to further assist you .
doing great ! thanks for the support .
we 're sorry . please check your dms . we hope to get this handled soon .
not bad of a price , glad you liked it
i will be there , it is gonna rock !
thanks for the love ! it 's the truth !
no it should be there sooner than that but i will look into it further for you .
we are currently experiencing technical issues with our website , and are working to resolve this as soon as possible . stay with us !
we are so glad we could exceed your expectations . thanks for sharing !
we couldn 't be happier for you ! congratulations !
what size are you looking for ? we 're happy to share your feedback so you can enjoy our products !
sorry about that , please dm me your information so we can take care of it .
<USER> , we 'd like to address your concerns immediately . please dm a phone number or email do i can alert the f . d . t .
send your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
hi <USER> , can you send us a dm of the issues you 're having ?
contact us with your vin number as soon as possible
so sorry to hear you didn 't get your free gift . please dm your order details and i will look into this for you . thank you !
how can we help you today ?
hi <USER> , always glad to hear from loyal fans . has she tried any of our exclusive products ? i can help recommend a few products for her to try if you would like .
is it the 90s again ?
beware ! it has its ups and downs .
the cost varies by location . your nearest dealership would be able to tell you .
you can change the plan as soon as your service expires tonight .
hi there , <USER> . where are you experiencing this problem ? i 'd be happy to look into it .
are you sure about that order number ?
at the checkout there is a place for you to put the code after you have entered the shirt and size you want .
hello , i would say most can be used as a temporary shampoo but i wouldn 't recommend permanently using .
right on . glad we could help !
let me know what area and bus route you are waiting for . i can check for delay .
certainly - you 'd have to use your computer in order to change the name - please reference <URL> for the step-by-step instructions .
thank you for contacting us , we have responded to your last dm and will continue to help you thanks !
i apologize for that . at your convenience , please call us at <NUMBERS> and we 'll do our best to sort you out .
we are just as excited about the win as you are !
dm us for additional help .
we agree deb ! #yxyy @willolovesyou @sanfranannie @hillary @jhagel #creationspace
you can check out all the updates here <URL> .
ok , dm me your information so i can assist you .
sorry for your problems . i would like to help . please send me your contact info so i can help . thanks
sorry for the inconvenience . what is the specific issue ?
we are terribly sorry for the bad user experience we will do all we can to make this right for you .
hello <USER> please try refreshing your browser and let us know if this works .
we thank you for your feedback . please dm us your details and we 'll be happy to help you
hello , we cannot modify an order once it has shipped , please see our website to return or exchange your order .
please contact us so we can see if your problem has been fixed .
thanks for your input . can you provide me with more details so i can assist you ?
we take this very seriously . please contact us asap .
that would be very interesting . our team will look into it
we appreciate your support !
can you please explain the issue you are having ?
sorry to hear that you are unhappy with our service . is there anything we can do to help you ?
hello ! the iphone forever is included in the deal if you want to upgrade .
i 'm sorry to hear that , <USER> . this is not how we want our customers to be treated . would you mind sending me your order number in dm so i can check into this for you ?
hi . okay , i 'm looking at it now .
the refugees coming are the ones that have spent years living in tent cities . this war has no end at this time .
please send us a dm with more details .
we want to compensate you . follow this url <URL>
i am sorry to hear this . please dm me with details and i will look into it .
hi , <USER> , would you care to share your problem with us so we can assist you ?
sorry that you have not gotten a call back yet , would you mind sending over a good contact number for you so i can see if i can get someone to reach out to you ?
if you can dm me i would be happy to help you !
it is usual that beer sales end during the cavs game . snacks and non-alchoholic drinks are available .
what seems to be the issue please elaborate .
i 'm sorry for your inconvenience . please call <NUMBERS> and i promise this will be resolved
please contact customer support at 1-800- subaru 3 and they will be happy to help you .
sorry you have witnessed this , please give us the details so we can investigate .
hello user . very sorry about this . can you please give me the tracking number so that i can check on the delivery for you ?
hello ! gates will open at 6 tonight !
i am sorry to hear this . please contact customer care at <NUMBERS>
unfortunately , target purchases don 't count towards the menu challenges .
hi ! please provide me with your tracking id so i can check the status of your package .
looking like a million bucks
we like your idea . we have already implemented much of it inner future release and would like you to test it out
i understand , please visit our website at <URL> to fill out a customer service form so we can better serve you .
hey there ! we 're sorry but we do not offer that at this time .
#uptheblues yea mate !
this is awesome to hear
you 're the best ! thank you so much for the compliment . are you a long time customer ?
restart your computer and try again .
i have good news for you . they are les than a few minutes away from where you are .
our rovers would be great for a new fun time !
we have sent your issue to our technical team . your work number is <NUMBERS> to be able to follow up with the current problem .
please dm me further .
we can 't help outside of the us , but there is support at <URL>
oh no ! so sorry to hear this . have you contacted customer service at <NUMBERS> ?
we are always happy to help !
we are glad it is working great for your needs . we value our customers .
would like to hear more about your experience . dm me so i can help .
unfortunately we only offer digital tickets .
we have replied to your dm .
our team is working hard on solving your problem
i am glad things worked out , let us know if there is anything else we can do !
thanks for the heads up !
they should still be available , check <URL> !
thanks for the support , always appreciated ! #uptheblues <URL>
please dm us your tracking # so we can find out what the status of your dm order is .
congratulations !
please dm us to discuss this further . thank you .
we will resolve this shortly for you <USER> .
you tell em . we want to hear your opinions thanks !
we are doing our best and have sent our application to @ontenergyboard for lower rates in the new year 2016 .
oh no ! please dm us so we can help you .
we look forward to another season as well !
same here !
oh that 's sad to hear , have you been given a clear reason for the delay ?
hi <USER> if you send me the order number customer care can follow up .
they are being cleaned and washed and will be back in a short time
yes , visit this page :
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can fix this !
so sorry for the inconvenience . i would like to help you . please send me contact info . thanks
so sorry about that . your order is now currently being shipped .
we 'd love for you to submit a suggestion at <URL> .
our customer service rep will be with you shortly !
so sorry ! is there anything we can do to help you ?
thanks for checking us out !
it will be over on july 10th as i have previously stated
we do have a intl 'll us dollar card that you can check out to see if that 's right the fit for you
we 'd love to get this taken care of . <USER> . please dm us !
please dm us your contact info so we can resolve this immediately .
hello <USER> . i can help you , please dm your email address .
not sure if i can attend the thursday game due to conflicts , need tickets ?
im very sorry . can you dm or <E-MAIL> us so we can make this better .
thanks for your support cheering on #aus .
that 's pretty cool but we aren 't sure if it is him or someone else writing on his behalf .
i have sent a response , the charges are valid , but i apologize for any disrespect that you received .
there are definitely enough for everyone !
please contact us at our customer service number and lets get this problem straightened out .
please dm us your number so that we can communicate better .
we are about the redbox experience you are having <USER> send a dm and we 'll be glad to help .
is there anything i can do to help . please dm me . thanks
we will definitely look into this for you and get back .
yes that 's the spirit !
no problem ! let me know if you need anything further .
when did you leave a message ?
check out the store locator at <URL> to see all the locations near you .
we are so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us the location you are staying in ?
<USER> thanks for reaching out . we were upgrading our website , but you should be able to register your product now .
we are aware of the issues and are working on it now !
#getin go england
alright , no problem . have a great day !
sorry again about your troubles . can i have your email and phone number so that a manager can contact you ?
wow what a great way to start the day , thanks for your feedback
it is always good to follow a boil water notice
we advise ordering two sizes down , we currently don 't have restocking info .
hi <USER> , yes , the plan can be changed when it expires . you will not be required to purchase a new sim when the plan expires .
i 'm sorry that you 're having these issues . what has the repair shop said about it ?
let me look into it and i 'll answer shortly .
i am going crazy ...
okay , we 're working on it .
if you visit url we can file to see if you 're eligible for compensation .
your dm has been replied to .
i would love to help you but i am not seeing the email . could you try to dm me ?
how did you purchase the gift card ?
you know we love it ! #coffeeisthebest #lovemyjava
sorry , we can 't change your order after its placed .
sorry <USER> . if you 'd like us to help with our app settings let us know !
sorry to hear about this . please call us asap .
there is bunching on the route . where are you currently ?
terribly sorry to hear this , <USER> . we want to help you get compensation . file a case here <URL>
so sorry for the poor delivery service . please send me you contact info so i can look into it . thanks
i can help you with that , please dm me
thank you for using redbox
can you dm us your tracking number and contact info so we can look into this for you ?
we 're sorry to hear about this . pleas send us a dm or email us at <E-MAIL> so we can investigate this further .
provide the requested info so i can help .
that is a wise outlook .
sale , charity and offers will invalidate the code .
this is awful ! please send a dm so we can investigate this for you .
thank you ! please take a look at our website . we do provide all of our updates and when they are available on there .
wish you luck , lots of it
that 's amazing news . do you want to come for a test drive ?
yes let us know where you are located and we can help you with that phone release .
it is showing you should get it in 3-5 business days , but if you do not get it feel free to dm us .
thank you for the great feedback , which is your favorite ? please enjoy this 20 % off coupon .
what size did you order ?
can you please dm you order number and i will be happy to check on that for you .
we can offer you incentives for you to stay
our largest store is the union square location . check it out here <URL>
please dm @fedexhelp your name , delivery address , tracking & phone numbers , we would love to assist you .
yes we are . we 'll update you with details in due time
we hear your current frustrations , cynthia . pleas send us a dm
yes . first , let me apologize you are having so much trouble . you can call <NUMBERS> and ask for the customer advocate team and explain you are having such a difficult time getting this resolved .
ii cannot discuss this incident in a public forum . please contact me via dm .
thank you . i will look into processing this for you pronto .
we apologize for the experience you 've had . please email us at <E-MAIL> and we can assist you further .
you can get the information we need to know here <URL> and we will look into it for you .
i 'm so sorry to hear that you 're having problems with your navigation ! we can absolutely help !
if you provide me with order details via a dm i will look into this .
we appreciate your loyalty greatly . could you please dm us for further assistance ?
i see your order , unfortunately these pants are sold out of your size , would you like to wait until restock , order another item , take a refund , or i can offer you store credit for your troubles .
you can contact us at <E-MAIL> .
it was a coleman handball in the box
i already love them !
wow ! how exciting ! anytime now !
please pm us the cross section and zip and we will look into it .
sorry to hear that , please dm us your account information so we can look into this for you
that is strange . dm us your number so we can check
yes it sure will !
we appreciate you ! thanks a bunch !
sorry to hear that . one should be arriving shortly .
we want to provide you with the best service possible . we are working on expanding the network . thank you for your input .
we all are here ! thanks for your support !
i bet that will look amazing !
thank you for sharing the beautiful shots
glad you enjoyed them !
i 'm sorry to hear that <USER> ! please dm us about it .
please dm us a number to @cvshealth and we 'll contact you as soon as possible .
ok , please send us the information so we can look into the matter .
hi , we would love to get more information about your case , feel free to send us a email
can you tell me please what type of device you own ?
alot comes into play with batteries . please make sure that you are not running any apps , and also check that you have your settings to low .
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
it 's an amazing time to be alive is it not ! if you contact our customer service team at <URL> they can give you the details .
we will be sending out an additional burger on top of the missing burger for you for compensation
so sorry for the delays - looks like a bus just passed dufferin , were you able to board ?
good job ! thank you .
winners never quit ! how may i assist you ?
coming soon ...
poor service due to weather issues at hubs . thanks for your patience
hi , i have responded . thank you .
thanks , enjoy !
are you referring to login for @cavsteamshop ? provide me with a dm and i will look into this .
please use whatever subject you would like .
sometimes different residences left in the dark while others have power . this happens with different circuits are out .
so sorry , a delay was announced and you may have boarded while the service was resuming .
we appreciate the positive feedback
that 's great to hear ! i 'll pass along your feedback to everyone here
this is not good at all , i can investigate and see what the problem was
hello ! thank you for notifying us . we are looking into this . please dm us your contact info if you need additional help at this time .
miss you too , be home soon
please check with the sales team - perhaps there is a opening or cancellation so we can book your stay .
so good to hear . want to be there , have fun .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
all you need to do is insert the memory card into your computer and that should do the trick .
it is possible that we do not have any to ship to you , we are sorry for this .
we want to help you . please send us a dm , sorry to hear this . unless it says " online only " this should be the case .
i apologize for the wait . please dm me your vehicle reg so i can help you .
hey girly ! send us a dm and i can help you match out your perfect look .
thanks for the report , we are looking at it now .
hello , i am glad you approve . we do our best to satisfy our customers !
the put tickets to see justin in the rds cost $ 147.95+ a handling fee of $ 45 .
we love to be a part of your mornings . thank you !
if you send me the order number in a dm we can help you right now .
please dm us your info and we can check
i agree .. not a good decision !
happy and loyal associates
anytime , we 've got you ;)
we 're sorry to hear about that . let us help you . please visit <URL> to get this situated .
please send a screenshot of the problem or issue . please dm us your contact information so we can contact you directly to resolve your issue .
yes it does , it is a 2 % charge , we do this to help prevent fraud .
we are excited to be there serving you
we don 't appear to be having an issue on this end . can you
that sucks , so sorry you lost your fave scarf . maybe this will be a good replacement . <URL>
sorry about that .
may i ask why you want to cancel your order
i am sorry that this has happened . if you would send me information a <E-MAIL> i would like to look into this and get it corrected for you .
sorry to hear this , she can be compensated , details here <URL> .
thanks , your are an amazing customer !
i 'll need more information on your case . please send us an email to <E-MAIL>
please send us an email with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
we 're sorry to hear that . to direct your problem to the correct support team , can you tell us if this was purchased in the unites states or india ?
thank you so much for bringing this to our attention . please dm us for more info .
hello michael , the @5sos concert in toronto for the date of october 4 does show a front of the line presale to be available . i am sorry but this is all the information that the venue has available for me . please contact the venue and they should be able to assist you further . is there anything else i can assist you with ?
contact us via tweet with any questions .
first off , let me know if she is ok , we want to make this better for you .
i 'm sorry to hear this ! please send us a dm with the order number so we can check it out .
hello , yes there is one in stock . would you like me to ask them to hold it for you ?
i would need to direct you to a dealer , we would need to take a live look at it .
i can have them call you this afternoon if that would work .
if you could please dm your <E-MAIL> i will let you know .
i certainly will but let me help you with the policy now .
sorry for the confusion ! @ vmbusinesshelp can further assist
are you following the presale instructions ?
some digital downloads are being sent today , but the actual physical release date is not until tomorrow .
so sorry to hear about the issue . we are working to resolve the problem .
dm us with specific detail so that we can help .
they look fantastic on you ! thanks for the love .
we can 't wait to hear how you like it when it arrives !
enjoy it !
so sorry to hear you are experiencing these issues . please dm your details so we can further assist .
you can find our general practices and procedures here <URL> .
please send me a message with your telephone number so we can help you !
let me check the status of that for you . what is the order number ?
there 's never a good time for puncture that sounds quite close , glad we could help !
hello , we 'd love to help just call the team at 1-800- subaru 3 or go to the <URL> . and we will do our best .
that is what we like to hear ! congrats on this ! you get a free coffe on us .
sorry too bad , this happens when other apps are running in the background of the phone .
thank you - we have responded to your dm !
i agree . labor market involvement and disability costs should also be considered .
if the troubleshoot does not work , please contact technical support for further help / troubleshoot .
we will try to help on facebook .
let me send you a direct link , <URL> , let me know if that helps .
we 'll have it at the beginning of march ! we hope to see you then !
i 'm really sorry this keeps happening ! can you send me more information at <URL> ? i 'll see what i can do .
yes indeed ! a proud #qlder here ! <URL>
please dm us to further assist you with this . we only strive to have happy customers .
we are glad to have customers like you ! glad you enjoy our company .
thanks for sharing <USER> . i will make sure the correct channel knows !
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
you can reach us at <E-MAIL> or <NUMBERS> for assistance
hi , <USER> . this isn 't what we like to hear . if you want to dm us your details , we can see what we can do to help .
great to hear from you and satisfied with online shopping . thanks
peas in a pod i say . you need to get a lexus to match your friend .
try this one <URL> .
this is not the kind of feed back we like , can you please get in touch with us so we can find out what the issue is ?
sound delicious !
we don ; t want you to go ! is there anything else we could do for you to offset this little inconvenience ?
such a great song
we 're received your message , and someone will be in contact , thank you
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can see if we can do something for your situation .
sorry to hear about your flight ! please send us a dm to get your compensation
yes , please contact the store directly to confirm available stock .
we love to hear that ! we 're so happy to hear your experience .
you guys are the best . thank you sooo much <USER> !
help is here , we are currently attending to your concern , please check your inbox , thank you !
thank you for that note
we can address this . please send us a dm .
sorry about that , you can stay up to date at <URL> .
can you provide your tracking number and we will get this resolved asap .
thank you very much .
you can sign up for digital receipts to have the coupons sent right to your extracare card !
can you dm us your account number ?
that is amazing !
we are happy to help , please dm use your account information and we will check this out for you .
that is upsetting , please dm me your information .
our teams are working hard to get this resolved asap . we will post an update as soon as we have one .
we are sorry for the inconvenience . we will be happy to help make it up to you
i 'm sorry about that error . i can fix it for you .
i 'd be glad to help . have you called our tech support line ?
send us an email at <E-MAIL> so we can get started on trouble shooting this , thank you !
thanks for shooting us a message ! the product is still available online and will be back in stock soon .
hello , we miss san diego , too ! we will be opening up additional stores in ca and anticipate opening a few in sd !
please send us a direct message and we 'll happily help out !
we 're concerned over your feedback , can you please send us a dm ?
thanks , we love hearing about our employees !
at this time , we do not anticipate wear 2.0 rollout .
we value your service greatly . what can we do to improve service for you ?
hi . please provide more info . are you online or in store ?
we will do our best to keep bringing you the best deals ,
i apologize that you have not had the issue resolved to your satisfaction , please email me your concerns at <E-MAIL> so that i can expedite the process for you .
hi , the event is available until 05/06 / 2017 . let us know if this helps .
sorry , we are popeyes fans .
i 'm a big fan of @michaelbush29
ok , then i will direct you to the croydon store where the associates will be able to help find the information .
if you would like to track the status , feel free to send us a direct message .
oh no ! please dm me . i want to help with this .
this is great ! do you go on proper walks with your cats ? if so , this is excellent .
please send us a dm and we will investigate the link for you and make sure to get you the right price !
let us know how we can make the experience less painful for you both !
yes , love to help , we strive to provide necessities to those in need . you can find more at <URL>
i 'm sorry to hear that . please send us a dm so we can assist you .
you betcha ! here 's a link that will tell you what we have to offer in your area . <URL>
it could , which of the hardtails are you considering ?
so glad your keeping warm while the cooler air is rolling though !
it appears that it is past the two years expiration limit , i apologize for any inconvenience
i 've sent you a dm with an update . is there anything else i can help you with ?
how 'd they taste ? happy to see this creativity ! ;)
can you send me your details in a private message so that i can help you ?
greetings , i 'm afraid i couldn 't make out your message .
hi <USER> , i am very sorry to hear this . please send us a dm with your order number and phone number and we 'll call you . thanks !
you can view them this way <URL> . the link explains how .
i am sorry you are having trouble . can you send a dm so we can help ?
no need to repay us we are just happy to have you as a part of sprint ! thank you for sharing the love !
we are here if you have any additional questions .
i 'm sorry to see that we haven 't arrived within the promised hour , please dm me .
we are so sorry to hear of your experience . please send us a dm and we can further assist you .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
we are sorry you are experiencing delays . could you possibly give our tech support a call on <NUMBERS> . ?
all of our presales will begin at 10am
thank you for your patience , we have been continuously working to improve the servicing for the 501 and apologize for any inconvenience you have experienced . you should be seeing an improvement very soon !
sorry about that . we are looking into the problem
so sorry you feel this way . please send us a dm .
well , 3 ai power ports and 1 quick charge port will both output 2.4 which totals 4 ports together .
we appreciate the rt !
that is not our intention . if you would like to discuss account options with a specialist you can do so by contacting us on <NUMBERS> .
i 'm sorry we are unable to cancel an order once placed . once you have obtained your tracking details we can send a request to the courrier to redirect the package back in effort to return and reorder as quickly as possible .
we 're sorry to hear that <USER> . make sure to delete the emails .
a golden hawk never expects anything for christmas !
sorry to hear about your poor experience
please send a message for further assistance .
we love these shoutouts ! you must acquire all of the pokemon that are available ! ( gotta catch ' em all ! )
<USER> what has happened with your tv ? please let me know how i can help .
wonderful angle !
if you call our customer service line we can verify the address for you
secret popcorn stash is located behind the broom closet .
thanks for the suggestion !
hi there ! we try to respond to emails within 24 hours . our 16 " 1 piece is the perfect choice to adding subtle thickness and / or length :)
starting november 20th , all jae crowder gear will be available for online purchase at this link . <URL> so happy you are excited for our launch !
glad to hear ! what did you buy ? #jeansareserious
hello ! yes we are applying an update right now !
if you can provide your phone and account number in private message i will be happy to assist you .
come anytime !
not the best of ideas . best advice i can give you . stop and pick up the water , asap .
this is not our policy , we are so sorry for this , please let us help you
hope you enjoyed the game ! we are always trying to improve on our customer 's experience .
it 's been activated . dial * 504 # to confirm .
so sorry about that . we can also be reached through dm for specific account questions .
stay safe !
there was probably some mixup and you received an international one rather than us . we are willing to replace at no charge if you would like .
please send us information so we can address your concerns .
hi <USER> sorry about the trouble . we seems to slow down around 5 , maybe you would have better luck then
can you please provide me with the order number ?
please dm me your info and i 'll be happy to help !
send us the order number so we can help you .
i bet you look great in them .
please dial * 555 * 1 # and select either double value or double delight ,
nice .
are you having any problems with website traffic ? here are 5 solutions .
hi and i am looking at this and will update the information for shipping .
we wanted to rush your new card out , but are delighted to share !
i 'm sorry you 've been having problems . our mobile support division @lgusamobile should be able to assist with that !
smashing great lets get them @ #uptheblues !
if you can send us a dm with your zip and nearest cross section we can work to resolve this for you .
so sorry to hear about these issues . can you please dm me the details and i 'll be happy to assist in any way i can .
it should be solved by now , let me check and see what the delay is
we will need more info , please dm us
sorry for the inconvenience , we are working on solving it .
take your package to one of our stores and they 'll help you out
share your payment id so we can resolve your issue .
our helpdesk will be in touch with you directly .
we should be back very shortly .
we called the store to confirm shipment .
absolutely , our other services like buying credit for your lines gives you the triple bonus ! with no fee !
hello ! this is not good news . send us a dm so we can look into this .
lush bath bombs are amazing , do you have a favorite one ?
sorry to hear this , we passed the feedback to the right people .
hi there . you can go here to file a lost and found case <URL>
i want to get right on this . what bus number are you on ?
awesome ! please let us know how you like the coffee .
i am sorry for the trouble . please send a dm with more information and i will personally look into a solution
thank you for your opinions . what would you recommend for improvements ?
send us a dm if you need help !
we are so happy that you are happy . good to hear good things .
that 's right !
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
really sorry to hear about this if you contact us here <E-MAIL> or here <NUMBERS> we can help you .
please give us more details at <E-MAIL> so we can fix this !
thanks for the feedback ! we will forward it to our development team :)
sorry to hear about your cancelled flights . please dm us with flight details and your contact information for further assistance .
it does ! if you want to come by and check them out today you can .
sorry about that , dm me your information so i can make it up to you .
that item is currently being adjusted on our end . the inventory is being updated .
please send me an email at <E-MAIL> so i can look into this for you .
we 're so sorry to hear about this . send us a dm with your number and we 'll call you tomorrow .
i am so sorry that this happened , i am here to help , can i ask why you are cancelling ?
you can ship the item to 3913 8th ave brooklyn ny 11232 . be sure to send a note with you order information and why you are returning .
it sounds as though you 've loved the old pair , let us know how we can help you !
oh no ! we 're sorry to hear that . drop us a dm and we can get you sorted .
so sorry to hear that . please message me where you made your purchase .
a few more days until may 9th
looks great ! check out the latest at <URL> .
i 'm sorry to hear that . please go to <URL> and our customer service team will follow up .
we will follow ! thanks for your feedback
sorry for that , we had a broken pipe that had to be fixed immediately . please contact us for a full refund .
this isn 't what we like to hear ! please let us know about it at <URL> and we 'll be in contact with you .
sorry to hear that , why do you feel this way ?
we can 't allow you that information but we are always releasing eligible devices as fast as possible .
i am sorry to hear this . please <E-MAIL> and we will look into it .
thanks , we 'll look into this and get in touch asap !
hi there , what can i help you with ?
it sure is !
thanks , enjoy !
hey <USER> can you also give us a follow to send contact info via dm
please check your dms , because we 've sent you a message .
i can walk you through some step and get you to tech support if needed , is your device with you now ?
hi there . our team members would never come to your home , and especially not uninvited . please contact your local authorities if you feel that this was a scammer .
i appreciate your feedback , i have notified marketing and they will quickly remove this ad .
spread the hype :)
i am sorry to hear about your bad experience with one of our bagels . please dm information on the store location and your information so that we can make it right for you .
thank you for providing the details i have now located the incident in our system and will investigate further to help resolve the issue as soon as possible
hi user . i 'm sorry to hear you 're having problems with your order . can you pleas direct message me the details of your order and i 'll find out what is happening .
we are glad you feel that way . congrats ! dm us to claim your prize .
i am ! see you there ! @themakeupshow
i apologize for any inconvenience . i am happy to look into that for you . what is the vin of your vehicle
please dm us your information and we shall resolve this as soon as possible .
this issue has been made aware to us and we are currently working to resolve it . thank you for your patience .
we are sorry to hear this , can you give us more details at <E-MAIL> ?
congratulations on your wedding ! i don 't have restocking information , but you can check with toms at <URL> .
thank you for the feedback , we will ensure that steve gets some recognition !
wow .
we 'll have our billing department fix it up for you .
so sorry to hear about this experience . please contact our customer service at <NUMBERS> so we can address your feedback .
hello ! the items you 're referring to are drop ship items , but they still must be created in a factory . it usually takes 2 or 3 weeks from purchase date to delivery . we really do appreciate your patience !
alright , you may go !
is there anything that we can do to assist you ? please dm us your information and we 'll try and help .
we 're sorry to her you feel that way . let us know if you need any assistance .
i hear baja fresh has options !
we understand your frustration and want to make it up to you . please visit us at <URL> .
we 're sorry to hear that ! flight delays can be a good thing , though . please read more at <URL>
we love hearing that . have a great day !
thank you ! it 's always a pleasure when speaking with amazing customers like you .
that 's great to hear , i 'm so glad that worked out well for you !
so sorry ! what 's your order number and we can look into it for you .
see you ladies there !
thanks , <USER> . i 'll pass this on to maintenance .
what is your location ? dm your information .
i feel that my story is keeping me focused on my goals . even with setbacks i don 't give up until they are reached . i also don 't limit my self yuc .
hello ! we 'd be more than happy to help track the progress of the vehicle . which dealer did you place an order with ?
we can help you receive compensation , visit our website , send us a dm and send us more details .
thanks and glad to be there ! i 'll be working .
each bus runs differently but you can let the driver know that the a / c need to be turned on if you are uncomfortable .
yes , i am getting a " device not detected " message .
what was in the order ?
thank you
hi ! let me check into this for you !
thanks for the shout out !
thanks for your support !
i apologize i am not aware of any issues . may i ask what you are having a problem with ?
we are sorry to hear of your experience . please dm if we can further assist you .
what about something else ?
hey , we 'd be happy to address this , if you send us a dm .
please dm us and we 'll try and rectify it as bast we can .
we would love to help you . send a dm with your account email .
hello , you may use any id you have as long as it has a photo and you 'll also need to be able to confirm your email .
sorry for the experience you 've had with the pre-order . which location was it ?
please send us a message so we can rectify this problem for you .
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
thanks lucy ! we 've send you a facebook message with the information you requested .
that isn 't what we want to hear :( please dm me and i would be happy to assist you
thank you for notifying us of the leak .
i 've passed this information onto someone in our customer care department . sorry about the inconvenience !
let me get your account and usage and see what options we have available for you .
and how does it feel ?
love how it looks .
looks like a great road trip you had with the #lexusgs 460 , can 't wait to see more adventures .
please use your dm for further assistance with your mifi issues
you can do it .
we have increased the font size to hopefully improve it . you should receive it by 2/23 . follow up if you have more questions !
hi we 'd suggest calling our cs uk team who can help you and advise how to proceed .
take care and see you next week !
done !
there are great offers and promotions for you as well . please send me a dm and i 'll look into it for you .
we are working on it currently . power should be up soon . thank you for your patience .
doing my best to get there ! have a blast .
great ! make sure to check out our currents offers or send us a dm for more info !
so glad you like it .
you 're welcome ! health is our priority .
for a week yes .
please contact us at 1-800- subaru 3 and we will be happy to help you .
that is sad to find out . we want to maintain high standards of quality . what have you been disappointed with ?
tostero is our only umbrella cover and it is in stock and will be in ikea at the end of april .
give me your location and i will be happy to check it out for you .
i am sorry to hear that . please send <E-MAIL> and a customer service agent will follow up with you shortly .
i am glad that it has all worked out . have a great day .
if you need help dm me . i don 't know what you 're upset about based on this .
we hope so too ! we hope to have iphone users eligible soon .
there may be cheaper offers at the local store
yes , that will work . during checkout , apply gift card balance first before entering in any other forms of payment .
there may have been technical issues a foot or perhaps an internet outage ? how can i help you ?
so sorry to hear about this issue . send the store a message and they can help .
she is getting better every day ! #stosa
thanks for the info . if you get us the ntel number and location we can check on it .
can you give us the nearest cross street and zip ?
hello , we are looking to integrate this into our dashboard .
i apologize for the issue . we are experiencing delays due to traffic , but please be assured there are 3 buses on the way .
awesome i cant wait
great pic ! shoes so white you need shades !
you can find more info about the available policies here <URL> .
please give us a call and we can let you know about the perks .
sure . please send us a dm and we will assist .
please fill out this form so we can make things right :
looks very relaxing !
we are so sorry to hear this , if you have your order number we can look into it further .
no problem , thank you for the positive feedback and review .
please visit <URL> and find out
i can tell you love kfc !
so sorry for the problems , can you elaborate
i 'll look into this right now .
sorry to hear that , please contact us and we 'll see what we can do .
apologies . please dm us
that is rude of him , we are looking into this matter
we are sorry to hear that this may be upsetting to you . we messaged you privately .
yes , please contact customer service - plan upgrades for additional information .
the buses aren 't that crowded in boise anyway :)
as of right now , it isn 't possible , sadly .
sorry to hear that . can you provide more details as to why ? we value input from our customers .
no . i am sorry i do not show us having a size 8 in stock at those stores . i am sorry .
they go on sale starting october 1st
once your return is processed , your refund will be automatically processed .
lookin ' good !
certainly . i will retry the call shortly .
it is possible from ecobank atm .
happy easter to you as well
currently there is not a release date for the keymission 360 . we will share the updated release dates as soon as we can . thank you .
hi , we will roll it out as soon as possible to all eligible devices .
yes , please dm us for further help .
hi <USER> , could you please fill out this form while we are looking into this <URL>
thanks for the shoutout mate !
we do not like to hear things like this , i want to help you out , can you dm us
i am following you now , please confirm you got the message and provide me with your contact information .
i 'm sorry they are currently sold out . we will pass on your interest . hopefully , they 'll get restocked !
my appolgies . contact us on dm , live where agents are ready to assist you .
thanks for the shout out ! @ <USER>
sorry to hear this , let us know what location so we can make sure this doesn 't happen again
is there a specific error message you are getting ? please let us know if this is still happening in 30 minutes .
please consult our website . you should be able to see it there , but if not , please let me know .
hi , unfortunately our office is walk up only , we apologize for the inconvenience .
we will try again shortly , thank you .
i 'm sorry those items are currently out of stock . we can notify you when they may be ordered again though .
we hate to hear that ? can you tell me where you purchased this ?
this coat sold out the day it was on sale .
hello there ! let us know if you have any questions for us :)
thanks for the feedback we will forward to our team
we will send you a dm for better assistance
congratulations ! keep us in mind when you go car shopping
thanks for reaching out to us <USER> . we would love to help you .
send us a message and we will look into this . thank you .
we are happy to help .
yes . we 're working diligently to fix this and we 're happy to say the issue has now been fixed . let us know if you encounter any issues !
we will be contacting you shortly to solve this issue .
hi , maybe we can take care of the problem through here . if you let me know a delivery order number and the type of issue your are having i will try to help ,
message me with your information so we can see if something can be worked out .
sorry to hear this , we are always enhancing our network .
send an email with your detail so we can look into this .
but of course . when would you be availability to take said photo ?
compensation will be provided to you , please reach out to us
sorry for the inconvenience about the 17 brochure . the 17 brochure is slated to be added to the website on or after november 28 , 2017 as the production is not quite complete . if you would like to check back on that date , the brochure should be available . looking at the proposed production information available to me , the ss and ssv redline are included in the new brochure . is there anything else i can assist you with at this time ?
i 'm sorry to hear that . if you contact us at @lushcosmetics we can look into this for you !
yes , unfortunately it has ! please check your local stores to see if they have any stock , before it 's all sold out !
you 're very welcome !
chilly night , great for a movie night .
this is wonderful news to hear , we 'll let her know !
it 's on the foot of the bed :)
our support team can help you with this . contact them at <NUMBERS> .
i 'm sorry to hear this . can you please share your contact info and email so that we can assist you .
natural disasters are problems for services . sorry for the problems
collection was much gross .
i am sorry to hear that your stuff has expired but we can not refund products that have been stored that long .
i 'm glad to see your interest . perhaps you will be happy to know that there is currently a sale going on at <URL>
hello , ga1 is best used in the main standing area .
good luck , looking forward to seeing you .
i 'll send this to our team for more information .
no problem ! thanks !
launch day ! ! ! we are as excited as you are ! ! ! hope you enjoy the new line .
thank you for the team love !
thank you for your compliments . please provide vehicle and dealership details in a dm so we can relay the compliments .
thank you and we 're glad to help !
please use this url and follow instructions
can you provide some more details at <E-MAIL> ?
please contact wheel transfer at <NUMBERS> to file a formal complaint . we 're concerned about your health !
how can we help ?
sounds like fun !
what issues have you been having ?
please call our service team so we can look into the issue
reach out to our customer service team directly .
hi ! shoot us a dm with your order number so we can look at it for you !
we are sorry for any inconvenience , we anticipate a fix in the next six hours , can i help in the meantime ?
may i have your number to register please
please send us an e-mail or call us ; find all the info at <URL>
disconnections are caused by various reasons .
awesome to hear !
thanks for the notification . i 'll pass this on to make sure the frame gets repaired or replaced .
please dm me for further investigation of this matter
sorry about the lack of communication . check your dm for response .
the transfer fee is 1 % .
that does not sound good , can you please contact us at <E-MAIL> ?
why is it not safe ? let us know more in the feedback
glad to hear it !
call cvs directy with more details about your experience .
woah !
it was amazing . i can 't believe how excited @janez_vermeiren was about the mistletoe !
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info and tracking number ? we 'd be happy to help .
we will look into this for you and dm you the answer shortly !
fox news , bias reporting .
i am very sorry for the delay , please contact <E-MAIL> so we can make it right .
pre-orders started this morning . stay tuned for updates !
three days
sorry to hear that . could you contact us directly ?
keep us posted . thanks
sorry to hear that you are experiencing these difficulties . please send us a dm so we can further assist you . stay safe !
we 'd be happy for help you sort that out . please send us a dm with all the information , if you are able to attach some photos of the chair , it would help us sort you out more quickly !
good to hear things worked out ! if you need more help , feel free to drop me a dm !
hello , please make sure your phone is also updated to the latest software to be compatible with the app .
congratulations ! come check out our new selection and we can help you get that awesome first car !
we 're sorry to hear about this user ! send us your email and we can help you out .
thanks for your support , emily !
ikr ? its bad .
there is a whole lot of them in your area , please use the link to see the nearest one
we have plenty in stock but demand is high , hope you have a great holiday .
you will have received information about how to access presale if you 're entitled . please follow that information .
we are sorry for the inconvenience . rest assured we are striving to get you to your destination .
sure ! pm your details to me and we 'll get it set up right away !
ok ! thanks for sharing . someone from our team will contact you . cheers !
you can find instructions here <URL> .
did you need further assistance with your return ?
lets solve this issue , i have messaged you
that 's awesome ! #lovevapouriz #ecigs #vape
please dm us and we will look into it
okay so its two different buckets of movies with two different pricings ?
go howard !
we are sorry your are unsatisfied . please send dm with store location so we can look into the issue .
unfortunately , that title is not yet available . check out <URL> for all our latest titles and to see a schedule of upcoming releases !
thanks for the support
oh really ? wow , i 'm impressed . what 's your app for ?
we will email you back today .
check back tomorrow morning :)
hope you enjoy your new phone !
we would love to help , please send us a dm .
i am sorry to hear that ! thank you for your patience . let me look into that .
sorry to hear that your room was not ready . please reach out via dm or e-mail at <E-MAIL> so we can further assist you with your concern .
and we love you @ which shower products did you use ?
so glad you liked it !
they are collector 's items .
great job !
duly noted .
i will be happy to research this for you if you dm me your name , address , tracking , and phone numbers .
if you dm your order number , we will be happy to get the current location for you
please rest assured that the management has been notified .
i 'm sorry to hear that <USER> , we do have your case on file and are looking into it .
hello <USER> , if you dm your information and the items you would like to select i can assist you further .
i am sorry for the inconvenience and the delay in your flight . go to this website <URL> for compensation information .
not interested .
we love your love for us ! thank you !
we 're so excited for you ! let us know how much you save !
no problem
thanks for the feedback !
enjoy and drink responsibly .
you guys are always awesome !
lets see it we can get your screen resolved for you .
can you send us more details regarding the screen savor to <URL>
i am sorry we have been out of stock on that item for you . you can click on the notify when back in stock button so you will receive an email when it is available again .
that is too cool !
@ntelcare can provde more info .
aw we think so too and anytime is kfc time !
we can loan airtime for you for the activation . just dial * 588 .
id be more than happy to help you . just dm me your info and we can get started .
don 't worry , we are planning another chat for the end of next month . stay tuned !
sometimes we offer promotional discounts to new customers . please , provide me with your policy number and i can check .
unless you can an allergy to that substance , it is ok to use .
safe travels to you and yours !
can 't wait to see you ! see you soon and drive safe !
we take driving issues very seriously , can i get a date , time location and plate number if you have it ?
looking fine !
thanks for sharing . come by guest services for a special gift .
we 're so sorry to hear about your trouble ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help straighten everything out for you .
response has been sent via dm .
welcome ! we 're glad to have you as a member .
okay i can look into this . please dm with order and contact info and i will address .
we have other options available . please check <URL>
you can count on us to resolve this to your satisfaction .
we welcome you to the arena and hope its a memorable first game
please contact us to work on upgrading your phone .
we think they 're pretty tasty too !
try a different browser , like firefox or opera , if the problem persist , follow & dm name along with phone number and a good time to call !
hello , seems like you are going to need to help from a agent in europe we will have them contact you when available .
<USER> , could you provide a little more information to us such as contact info and vin in a dm ? then we can work on getting this resolved .
thanks for the kind words !
if you send me your policy number in a dm i can further investigate .
thanks for reporting that . we will get someone on that immediately .
happy friday to you and everyone you know !
someone will be in touch with you soon , thanks !
give us a call and we will issue you credit
this can be resolved , please reach out to us or dm
dm your contact info and the best time to call .
please send a pm so we can further assist you .
can you dm me fore information i am happy to follow up .
looking good !
you 've got this !
please contact us on dm so we can look into this for you .
phone has been sent and should arrive in 2-3 business days .
thank you . give me just a second to check on this .
that is not what we like to hear . please dm us with your needs and they will be addressed shortly .
unfortunately this is temporarily out of stock . our website will update as soon as we receive more . thank you for your understanding .
please message me so we can make this right .
pssst ! there 's soy chorizo ;)
hi ! you can chat with our tech support specialist by visiting <URL> .
we would appreciate it if you would send us your email so we can rectify the situation .
like us on facebook !
hello <USER> , and thank you for sharing these kind remarks about one of the members of our ace sales team . i 'll be sure to pass your note on to the leadership team .
no problem .
sorry , we were not able to get the rights to use certain information that we would have needed to run this kind of league .
you 're very welcome . hope you have a great time .
ok , and which day / time were you interested in ?
fantastic . is there anything else i can help you with ?
hey there . customer service can be reached at <NUMBERS> and <E-MAIL>
our customer support team will be more than happy to assist with any problems you might be having . customer support can be reached 24/7 at this <URL> .
netflix binge - yes please !
please dm us more details so we can report this . thank you .
we are sorry you left , please come back anytime !
hi julie , please send us a dm . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
we 're sorry , please send us an email at <E-MAIL> for some help .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
sorry to hear about your service . mind sending us a dm to tell us more details ?
please let us know if you have any questions about joining wind !
we suggest you contact usps so they can help you open a claim .
hi <USER> great choice ! we are unable to access restocking info , but i will certainly pass your interest on to the appropriate team ! thanks for reaching out .
this is everyone inside our service territory . we are working hard and will keep you updated !
thank you for telling us your opinion . i will forward this to the appropriate team .
thanks for taking the time to stop in !
you can also win signed suki waterhouse superga .
oh no ! what a mess to clean ! : o
i 'm so sorry , but i am still not seeing a dm from you . check to make sure you 're sending it to our best buy support handle . thanks !
not to worry nothing will change . politics . yuk
thanks for reaching out . i hope that you are enjoying your visit . let me know if i can assist you with anything .
you can call customer care m-f 8-5 pm pst at <URL> and they will be able to issue a replacement .
we are doing our best to keep things running smoothly !
white looks beautiful on you too !
you 're very welcome . thanks for the partnership
i 'm glad you like our stores ! we 're always looking for new places to open stores . i sent your request to our real estate team .
this is unacceptable . i 'd be glad to look into this further if you could provide some details . can you dm me your name , phone number and details of the incident ( where and when this occurred and any info about the truck and workers ) . thanks !
congratulations freya ! enjoy celebrating with your family and friends !
i am sorry to hear this . file a case <URL> so we can compensate .
you can find more details here <URL> .
amazing shot <USER> . what kind of camera were you using for this shot ?
i am sorry you had a bad experience . is there any way that i could assist you ?
our product team has been notified
hey there ! did you get any goodies ?
not you ! i meant the other girls can go to mac and pay $ 50 each for hair and makeup !
not a problem !
you are very welcome . we are happy to help .
you will need to check to see if has arrived . then we can work further on this matter .
hello , i will send your comment to our r & d department , thank you for your feedback .
this is not the quality that we expect from our products , they have a limited shelf life , how long ago were these pruchased ?
looking forward to hearing from you !
we 've sent you a reply . check your dm 's . thanks !
for sure i am !
sorry to hear that . is there anything i can do ?
i see that you had not called in , i would like a chance to keep your business , what can i do ?
hi <USER> . this should be absolutely safe and if you have any questions feel free to send us a dm .
the agapet filling stations or brobbson pharmacy in sakumono branch is available .
love it !
i am sorry you are having a poor day . we have a gift for you if you send a dm .
we would love to help . we were updating our system . please dm us with your account number .
sorry to hear this , please contact <E-MAIL> so we can make things right !
unfortunately this hasn 't shipped yet , but it will in the next few days . tracking will be sent then :)
oh that 's not good to hear ! customer service is very important to us ! dm your order number and we 'll get this fixed !
#onenationoneteam ! love you !
we want to help you find it . call us here <NUMBERS> . that 's what we are here for .
i would be happy to look into your order . please dm your name and tracking details
congrats !
we update that sometimes , but it will be back up tomorrow .
please visit our website for the most up to date ticket availability .
make sure to keep us posted with photos !
nope , enjoy your free chips !
so happy you can join us !
we 're sorry this is taking so long . we 'll try to get this sorted out for you asap .
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please call us at <NUMBERS> so we can assist you further .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info and order number ? we 'd be happy to help .
please send us a dm with your vin number .
that sounds amazing ! we don 't set the prices retailerrs charge but our rrp is 1.99 .
let us know if we can help with anything else .
that is very sad to hear . how can i resolve the issue ?
i 'm sorry to hear this ! please message us to discuss further .
congratulations ! keep us in mind when you go car shopping
yes , subject to local laws and regulations ðŸ‡¨ ðŸ‡¦
do you need help with anything today ?
hope to see you again !
was your ordered delivered and is it as expected ? if not please let us know asap !
thank you for shopping with us !
please contact your dealership directly , then , as they are not able to see these messages and aren 't aware of this issue .
yes ! please dm us so we can discuss ways to assist you !
thanks for reaching out . use <URL> for instructions for troubleshooting .
i am sorry to hear this . you can contact <E-MAIL> for more support .
noted . did you make the booking on our app ?
certainly , please dm us your contact information and we will reach out shortly .
congrats on the new license ! how about a new or used corsa ? whenever you 're ready just dm us and we 'll help you get set up !
we will be updating our app tonight and that should solve the issue !
ok , allow me one moment to confirm that this is in stock for you .
georgia , check now , we have just replied to your email !
i 'm sorry to hear that the item you purchased yesterday has gone on sale today . we don 't offer a price match policy , did you purchase the item from us and it is now reduced ?
please send me your name and tracking information so i can help assist you with your package .
thanks for the help .
thanks for the feedback . we 'll let the team know .
please send my your account information and email so i can help . thanks
we hope that you 'll find the perfect gift for your mom ! :)
no problem , <USER> ! we love to help !
i am sorry that you had that experience , can you let me know exactly what happened ?
sure . if you will dm us your email i will be happy to pass that along .
hello , the issue is being looked into , however , completion has not yet been confirmed , i can notify you when the issue is resolved and i apologize for your inconvenience .
we will need more info to solve this matter
send us a dm and we will get this taken care of now .
that 's not what we like to hear . :( what made you feel this way ?
please send us a dm so we can assist you
you can find more details about the steps we have taken here <URL> .
so sorry about that . how can i help you ?
fauzia has helped ! she has worked with us for a long time and she is so awesome :)
send that rt . repeat customers , increased sales , higher demand , and a positive review .
thanks for sharing ! enter at <URL>
what ? can you give us more details about time and road intersection and we will contact dispatch for you .
what seems to be going on ? please dm us and let us know what is going on with your res +
please send us a dm with the order number so we can help .
that 's the kind of service we strive to always provide !
is there something i can help you with ?
sorry to see that , please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can make it right !
please send us a dm so we can help you .
contact customer service directly to reach an advocate .
hi ! sorry to hear of your difficulties with your order . please provide me with your order number and i will check into this for you !
can you tell me any more about the driver who caused this incident ?
please dm us , let us know your country and the area you live ,
controlled release of natural gas , it should dissipate soon !
so sorry to hear this , please dm us and we can further assist you in this matter
and thank you for the love !
yes we would love to help you , please email us your info .
please check out our url listed to see our other contacts .
please dm us , and we 'll take care of it .
hi , yes , i can help with that . here is the url with the most recent updates about fault information . <URL>
we 're so glad you enjoy it !
communication will be sent out soon to members .
thank you for sharing that with us . can you tell us what store you were visiting ?
i am sorry to hear this . tell me how we can compensate for your issues here : <URL>
sorry to hear about this issue . can you please dm more details ?
we 're happy to help ! :)
<USER> i can definitely do so , what can i do for you ?
we don 't want hear that . how can we make this better ?
it would not hurt to look .
yes , you can .
i 'm sorry for the inconvenience , but we do this to save you money in the long run !
i would be glad to look into this for you . dm me with your details .
i see how this would be ineffective . my apologies . how can we make it up to you ?
i thought you had already posted .
we are currently full , but we will let you know later on by dm
email us and we would be happy to help you .
we do and we 're bringing more new episodes soon and exclusively . glad you 're happy .
we have a warranty coverage available . please contact us directly and i will see what i can do .
can you provide us with more information at <E-MAIL> ?
sorry for the delayed response ! we 've resolved our issues now . thanks for your patience !
we can help you set up a direct debit . please call us at <NUMBERS> to get started . thanks !
if you live in japan you can search up " aukey " , or if you 'd rather give me your email i can help out .
so glad that we can help .
you 're in queue and will get through soon .
are you going to nb ? i saw one a few minutes ago and doesnt stop until dundas .
hi what route is this ?
these things happen from time to time , our customer service team has been notified and will be in contact
please direct your questions to a certified mechanic !
we 're glad to hear that the product is working out for you ! enjoy .
if the problem keeps happening i would stop and see and a doctor , you should be pain free with our vapes .
please contact us so you don 't miss your dinner date !
we don 't have rebates for the nest thermostat . you can find out about the current programs here : <URL>
please let us know your order number so that i can bring the issue to a supervisor . i apologize for the inconvenience .
we are glad for you !
we aren 't able to cancel a movie after it 's been reserved . please message me if you need other assistance .
we do believe in our products and their quality . to receive credit , we do require proof of purchase .
it will give you more time to practice !
you are so welcome . i am glad i could be of service !
thank you for your kind comments . we produce a full line of gluten free foods and grocery items for those needing to avoid gluten in foods and we work to make them as tasty as possible . your feedback is appreciated .
please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can fix it !
i am sorry to hear , that , please dm me with more detail , my username is <USER>
i am sorry you received a poor response . we currently cannot accept gift cards online .
sorry for the inconvenience , we strive for on time planes
go on and treat yourself . we promise we won 't judge :)
hello , i am bringing ing @vmbusinesshelp to give you an update .
cool . what good stuff did you find ?
delays were due to a car stuck , not the other way around .
thank you so much for your patience . construction has slowed things down .
welcome to twitter , you will have a great time
props to jeff in lincoln , nebraska who gets some swag from us .
we are working to restock asap . be sure to check <URL> later on this week for more !
i don 't understand ?
about 3000kg braked .
can you please give us a little more details so we can improve ?
tips to protect yourself against utility imposters .
we will update you as soon as we have the information available .
<USER> i have dm 'd my personal number <NUMBERS> , please contact me as soon as possible .
thanks for sending us a message . we can see the properties being released a year in advance .
if there is anything we can do to assist you , please let us know . have a great day !
we currently have only the one cut , but we 're taking your feedback into consideration . thank you .
i 'm sorry to hear that . please send us a dm or email us at <E-MAIL> so that we can address your concerns .
i am sorry . use <E-MAIL> and we will look into this .
those were great <USER> , thanks for tagging us .
to replace the card you can dm your phone # or call us <NUMBERS>
we will try and help you with this .
yes you can . take your invoice with you , if you have any problems follow up with us .
i 'm sorry to hear about the wait time you 've experienced at our blakney location . i 'm sure one of our associates will be there to assist you shortly .
thank you ! when is your birthday ?
usually this is for normal wear and tear , if you think it 's defect , check our warranty <URL> see it at # 7
dm us and i 'll look into this further for you .
we 're so sorry to hear about this ! can you please dm us more details , and your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help you get compensation for your troubles !
we are sorry for the poor service . please dm us your area and we will look into it .
the videos are on their way now ! we had some wifi issues but everything will be up and running soon !
hi andres , can you please share more specific information about your route and location so i can better assist you .
please dm us your contact information so we can contact you directly to resolve your issue .
dm your contact info . - address and phone # - so we can send your stuff !
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly - we 'd like to offer an additional discount to your order . our priority is having the best deals !
we are so sorry for the delay , can i have your order number so i can look into this for you ?
you are on the double digit call plan .
hi ! ! what can we do for you on this beautiful day ?
is the code you received the same one as he received ?
please specify which items are incorrect by typing the names of each incorrect items
glad your enjoying the service !
just follow the steps here <URL> .
we know how that feels !
the schedule is always available on our website . thank you for your support !
good afternoon . i 'm sorry that you 're having an issue . can you direct message me your order details and i 'll look into this for you ?
we 're so sorry to hear about this , <USER> ! send us a dm of your order number and we can look more into this . thanks for your patience .
thank you for the shout out !
can you tell us more about why you feel this way ?
are you still having the browser issues ? lets start there .
wow ! awesome shot ! <USER>
thank you , one moment while i review your account .
we apologize . please visit <URL> to see if you can get compensated .
that sounds like a relaxing and enjoyable night .
i would be happy to look into this . can you provide more information ? how long have you had this problem ? is it only through data or voice or both ?
please send a dm so we can resolve this issue .
what service issues are you experiencing , <USER> ? let us know so we can look into it and try to help .
i 'm so sorry to hear of your inconvenience . could you please dm us your starbucks 's membership email ?
here is a link to our latest contest , simply post a photo of your favorite outfit you own from us , tag us , and wait !
can you give us your friends email adress if possible
please dm us so we can help more
which bundle are you looking for ?
thanks for your feedback . we love to hear that !
yes you did , funny right
i hope it all works out well . what a great dad ! enjoy the movie .
our contact info is here : <URL>
there are various things that influence it that we have no control over .
if you send me your order number , or the product number i can see what the proper price is .
can we help you with that ?
let me check this out for you . what is the order number ?
yes , i agree . we are working on it .
sorry for the inconvenience , we will look into keeping a higher stock amount available during sale weeks .
we just launched 14 more stations .
yes , i would be great . i can design in the sector of fashion collection .
please send us a direct message with your email , address , phone number and where you are located so we can help you .
it appears to no longer be available . is there another product you are interested in ?
your welcome !
i 'm sorry to hear that <USER> ! please email us .
we are sorry for your bad experience . please dm us so we can help you
hello there ! please dm us your name , address and tracking number and we 'll be happy to check on the status of your delivery .
we 'll look into it !
as of today no we are not but keep an eye out for announcements
thank you so much for your positive feedback !
our product line has a lot of expensive things
yes and i loved it !
enjoy and happy birthday !
oh no this is not good to hear
can i help you sort this out further ?
i 'm so sorry for that experience . did you find the information that you were seeking ?
we 're so sorry this happened to you ! we 'd be happy to help get you compensation for your hassles . dm us your contact info !
hi sorry , about that you can take it here <URL>
we 're not perfect , but we try to make the rules work for everyone ! #leadfromwithin
glad to serve you
thanks we will look into it !
we are sorry to hear this , can you please provide us with more details at <E-MAIL> ?
what type of vehicle was it ?
we apologize for the services you have received , please call our help line and someone will assist you directly .
we aim to make your stay as pleasant and smooth as possible . thanks for sharing !
unfortunately , we can 't cover the physical damage , but we can help you with repairing chargeable basis .
please use out new customer care site @iwcare . we will get back to you soon .
sorry to hear that , can you elaborate on what happened ?
i am sorry to hear this . you can get emergency help at <NUMBERS> and pressing option # 1
contact with the mobile support team . they can guide better and would be happy to assist you .
glad you 're loving it ! check out our new flavors : <URL> . don 't forget to enter the contest while you 're there !
you can dm us , that is possible . thanks .
sorry for the delay . there was a problem at track level .
please visit us at our website <URL> , we can help you to get compensation for your inconvenience .
thanks <USER> , and one day we will take over the world with our coffee . congrats your #greattaste in #coffee won you a vintage tee . dm us to claim it .
:)
i am sorry to hear this . please dm me and i will follow up .
thanks for your feedback . we are so glad we can provide you with the service you deserve !
how did you like it here ?
call us to report the incident .
we will contact you as soon as they are available !
hello , unfortunately the item is backordered . please contact us so we can ensure you have what you need !
we thank you for loving us !
please contact our customer service department at <E-MAIL> .
we 're happy to hear this has been resolved !
hello , <USER> , for the most accurate info , please look at our replacement parts page <URL> or contact our sales rep : <NUMBERS> , <E-MAIL>
yes . we have to allow people to do what is economically feasible for each locations . sorry it has inconvenienced you .
if you dm me with your stay details i can try to assist that with you .
thanks !
thank you for this helpful feedback . we are always making adjustments to our site and will add this suggestion to our idea list for future updates . thanks .
congratulations user , your great taste won you a vintage tee ! please dm us to claim your awesome prize !
here is the number for the u . s . branch of amex customer service - they should be able to help you out !
it is so hard to find one that stays comfy
that is absolutely true . a wall is only there to show you how much you want something .
we 're sorry to hear you 're frustrated . please e-mail us so we can sort it out .
no , i don 't .
please message me so we can help get you compensated for this problem .
what 's the item you want the most ?
isn 't it lovely ? we think so too .
what did you send ?
have you made sure that your coffee maker has been appropriately cleaned and is in otherwise good working condition , just want to eliminate any potential other causes of your performance issues .
thanks for reaching out marie , yes they do have a brow bar !
i am sorry to hear this ! please send us a dm with the store and your contact information so we can look into this
hello user . very sorry that you were not pleased with your food . can i please have your email so that you can fill out a complaint form ? we will then be able to refund your money .
i 'm sorry to hear that . we will talk to him .
please contact our customer care
this is my laugh of the day . very funny .
that is great , please contact <E-MAIL> if there are any other issues !
sorry to hear about it . it 's against policy please contact us <E-MAIL> we will look into it , and correct it . try and have a good day .
we are so glad our kit pleases you !
i have a soft spot in my heart for the vaudevillians i must confess that .
sorry to hear about it , visit <URL> , you may be eligible for some money .
my pleasure ! :)
thank you for acknowledging us !
you can move to the normal card but a new application will need to be submitted . thank you and glad you found a plan to fit for you .
allow us to help you further . send me account details through a dm .
thank you ðŸ˜Š
it should arrive in the next 2 days .
i will get in touch with dispatch and get back to you shortly .
you can check your application 's status by calling <NUMBERS> .
i am sorry and understand your frustration . please email us with the repair id so we can look into this for you .
hi and sorry for the lack of communication . i will be glad to look into this for you .
logmein is still a good service , what was the issue
sorry this happened . we 'll get you compensation if you let us know at <URL>
you made excellent choices .
thanks for sharing your concerns , the station is still under construction - the problem you mentioned should not be an issue once it is finished .
we 're so sorry to hear about this . we happened ? we can help !
we love when you save money
ok , that solved it ! thank you for your quick help !
thank you , we appreciate your positive response !
i apologize for any inconvenience that this has caused you . can you please send me a dm and i will assist you ?
our level 3 is available in decaf .
i am not sure why there is a delay , can you contact <E-MAIL> so we can look further into this ?
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
i will update you shortly regarding this service interruption .
that looks awesome . thanks for letting us take a peek !
contact our customer service line and we 'll take care of it , <USER> !
sorry to hear about this !
thanks for the information .
it 's the best coffee around , hopefully it hits the spot .
i do apologize . if you would like to send over a dm , we could try and assist you further .
we do have a add on available for wi-fi , you can find it here <URL>
that is okay
please dm us and we 'd be happy to help
we 've replied to your dm - check your inbox ! :)
there seems to be a software issue . please contact a technician . thanks
the order # given is missing a # . pls dm us your email & order # .
oh , no ! we 're sorry to hear that . please dm us so we can assist you .
you can find complete information regarding tipoff time at <URL> .
you can use this link <URL> to find the service center closest to you . or you can call <NUMBERS> for further assistance .
thanks so much for your support of #aus . let 's go aussies ! #rio2016
hello , i apologize for the delay , due to unexpected shipping issues some orders have been delayed . please send me your order number to see if you were affected .
please dm us with your phone number and we will get you registered . thank you .
dm us and we will try to help .
what is it that you have ?
sorry you were disappointed in our software updates .
if you want we can check it out . let us know how you found out about it .
we 're sorry to hear that . please send us a dm
sorry to hear you don 't like the product . what can we do to help assuage you ?
always mate ! #proudqlder4ever
that order appears to have been shipped and was signed for . <URL> you can see if someone accepted the package for you .
i 'm sorry that you feel this way , and am eager to assist you in rectifying this situation .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
sorry your having issues with your order , can you send me a dm with a little more information so i can see what can be done to help ?
there is reply in your mail
you can recover your information here <URL> .
glad you enjoyed it !
super excited about sponsoring marathon as well :)
we will send your information over asap .
we will always protect our buyers
i am so sorry for this ! please dm me with further information on the location so that i can look into this for you !
<USER> , we appreciate your inquiry ! once the order number is received , we 'll send you a quote for assembly within one business day . cheers !
thanks , enjoy !
thanks for letting us know !
that is strange the problem should have already been fixed
good morning ! click on the link below and we can help you out .
what exactly do you mean ?
i feel you ! i too have large ... feet ðŸ˜ .
thanks for your support !
hello , we are glad to be of any service to our customers .
wow , you have quite the array of t-shirts ! we just have to know , how many would you estimate you have ? #liveworkcreate
they are not available at this time but keep an eye out
don 't forget to wear shades !
oh no ! dm me for a replacement !
i 'm sorry to hear that you are experiencing a delay with your shipment . i have contacted the brand for an update on your shipping . please dm your details if you are in need of further assistance .
i 'm sorry to hear that . please dm me and i can help you resolve the situation .
hi there . we do have one . please dm me if you need help contacting the front desk .
i 'm so sorry you feel this way . how can we help ?
i assure you we are working to resolve your issues . dm me your info and we will work to resolve it immediately .
i 'm so sorry to hear about the difficulties you are experiencing and would love to help . can you please follow fedex so that i will be able to reply by dm ? thank you .
we would like to help resolve the issue you are having . send us a dm with the details .
sorry . hope it was resolved
thank you for your contribution , i want to help you get those shipped as easily as possible .
i am sorry about any inconvenience you are going through and i would hate to see you go ! please allow me to see what we can do to take care of this for you .
we are so sorry it has taken us so long , please message up in private chat .
because we work hard to provide you with the best service and value !
aw , shucks !
this is not normal at all , give us your info please
give us time , we will have you on your way
sorry about that , you can dm me directly so i can check up on it for you !
awesome .
thanks for the info .
hope this first step leads you to a healthy life , glad we could help .
thanks for the suggestion , we will keep it in mind .
thanks for stopping by !
hello ! we are happy that your experience with @ukfast is a successful one . if there is anything that you need reviewed or any kind of assistance , please do not hesitate to let us know . we will do our best to assist you .
let us know if you need anything else
hi <USER> , we have computer production specialists who can help you with this , you can chat with them at <URL> or call them at <NUMBERS>
email us with more details and our customer care will check that for you .
can you reach out to us at our support line ? we 'd be happy to help you .
is this regarding the wrong address ? if not , please send a dm .
yes , we do have lord of misrule and autumn lead til christmas time . :)
they 'll be available on sep 29th ! #qassist
usps is the final carrier for your package . fedex can take 2-7 business days . it looks likes on 8/ 22/17 usps was given your package . if you still have not received it you may want to contact usps ( add 92 to the front of the tracking number when you call )
i am sorry to hear you have been having issues with us for so long . could you kindly send us a message with the details and your contact information so we can rectify the problem ?
we are excited about our new features that are going to be released .
i am very sorry with your negative experience , please contact a local store and we would be happy to assist you with your troubles .
you would look great in a lexus . go for it . cheers
oh no ! this did not happen intentionally . we are back online now !
we 're sorry ! :( can you dm us your issue so we can assist you directly ?
hello , thank you for taking the time to reach out today . you should be able to follow the options to lead to a live representative . if that does not work , please dm us with further details so we can better assist you . thank you for understanding and have a great day .
hello there . please send us your name , address and tracking number and we 'll be happy to investigate this
thanks for supporting the team . check out <URL> .
thank you for that information . this is not one we have seen .
that should be lots of fun . hope you enjoy yourself
she 's a great kid , and has done great ! mine was getting red all year :)
i 'm really sorry for the delay . please send me your order details and i 'll look into the problem for you . thanks so much for your patience .
way to go , <USER> ! your amazing love for <USER> and your #greattaste in #coffee just won your a vintage tee ! dm us to claim your prize ! #supriseyoureawinner
hello . sorry to hear about this . please provide your order number and we will send you a replacement right away .
great !
congrats . that sounds like a fun date !
thanks , i hope you enjoy it as much as we do !
it is possible that it was not scanned for delivery since the manager was the one that pulled it and sent it out .
a pre-order is possible . please , go to <URL> for further info as certain terms and conditions apply .
how were you trying to sign in , from what type of device ?
hello , the gig was just cancelled . emails should be sent out shortly .
i have the account information up , i see both as submitted , i am sending a dm with details .
hello <USER> , i have noted your concerns . could you please dm more detailed information so we can respond to your concerns directly and in a timely manner .
hi , could you tell me specifically what payment methods you are having problems with so i can better help you ?
hello . let me look into that for you . may i have the store number this happened in ?
please contact us so we can make sure this has been rectified .
out with the old and in with the new !
i agree !
glad you enjoy it , we try our best .
oh , i am sorry about your experience . you may be eligible for compensation . please visit <URL> for more details .
i 'm so sorry . let me have the order number and i will fix it right up .
hi there . i can help you with that . dm me your ntel number so i can check . thank you .
uh oh ! was the card registered ? we can try to help if you dm us more info . <URL>
we will be coming there very soon !
hi <USER> , we will definitely share your interest with our product team , we don 't have restocking info on the cordones . meanwhile , you can browse other styles just like the sneakers here <URL> . thanks a bunch !
we are sorry to hear that . let us know where you are located and we will make it up to you
ok , it is on the way , are they in today ?
yes this is a compound sticker . i would advise you to visit the nearest lush store to exchange . you can find stores with our store locator <URL>
we have fixed the issue , please try again !
we will certainly try !
thanks for the tip <USER> ! ! i 'll be make sure to pass that onto our warehouse ;)
oh no ! is he cold ?
that should not have happened , i can offered a 25 percent discount for anything ordered online today .
i 'm sorry you didn 't receive the reward . please send me <URL> or email and i will add this to your account .
we have to order poster . so , i will need your address .
hi this is ( agent name ) iam very sorry and i understand this is very frustrating . i would like to assist you . please dm me the following : the delivery address , tracking & phone numbers . again i am very sorry and i look forward to assisting you .
what error are you receiving when trying to use the radio ?
we are working as fast as possible to resolve this issue . kindly bear with us and we appreciate your understanding .
thank you for writing us , we will help you as soon as possible .
we 're so sorry to hear about the problem . send us an email and we can help .
we <3 your pic ! thanks !
great work and a great photo . congrats .
thanks !
it seems to be the spacing of the route is off . are you at warden right now in this moment ?
thank you for the invite , it was a successful event .
thanks for the love !
nice ! ! very snazzy !
we were experiencing service issues earlier this evening .
hey <USER> in order to take a deeper look into this matter , we need you to follow us please
yes you can pick up pre orders tomorrow !
thanks for the great feedback . this makes us feel wonderful .
you 're welcome ! enjoy the camera !
that is correct . we will be opening november 18th .
i apologize for the difficulty . i will get a specialist to contact you within five minutes .
i will place a replacement order for those .
sorry about that . we are adding the money now .
glad to hear it !
our email address is <E-MAIL>
i dont think you can help , me , what can i do about a refund ?
premium service would provide lounge access , but not on the return flight .
the tourist cards are separate but we can direct you to cheaper ways to get that .
so glad to hear you are happy !
if you send a dm , i would be happy to look into this issue for you .
thanks for letting us know about this , we will make sure a technician sees this .
thanks for the support mate , #uptheblues !
please dm us your order number and we will look into it - thanks !
i apologize that your email was not responded to . i will forward this issue to supervisor <E-MAIL> for his response , you may also contact him at the above listed email .
thank you very much for shopping with us . we look to give our customers the best services !
we love that you love them ;)
can you please clarify ?
follow us so that we can dm you when an update is ready .
thank you for contacting us , please call out support department at the following number :
yes we do
i 'd go for @moo , but sadly , i 'm lactose intolerant
so glad you like it !
oh , the days of mapquest . have been there .
lol <USER> we love to hear that !
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
good luck rosie <3 we are pulling for you !
please let us know in a dm what is specifically happening . are you wearing socks ?
we are currently working to have our meters installed in as many residences as possible .
hello , depending on your carrier as well as proximity to a cell tower , we can only control so much . sorry .
thank you for your input ! customer satisfaction is always our goal .
any order that was placed 60 or more days ago would be cancelled , visit <URL> for details
dial 550 to speak to someone
hey we 're sorry about that . could you let us know your exact cross street location ?
that is not what we want to hear , please tell us more about the experience .
we are working to improve our network , but if you are having trouble please send a message @wind_cares .
congratulations . you can call us at any time for the most competitive insurance rates .
we 'll send customer team your way <USER> .
we are trying to resolve the issue right now .
we 'll ask our dev team and get back to you .
sounds like you would really enjoy a test drive . let me know if i can help .
please check <URL> for details on compensation .
can you dm us for further instructions on to how to get a refund ?
if you dm me your order number and address i will take a look at this for you .
okay , we have addressed this . if you start your phone up again that should work .
we are glad to have you back with us .
sorry to hear about the pricing issue . please dm me so i can help further .
we just tweeted out the link now .
if you update darragh you have contactless cards there . hope that helps !
i would like to pass this along to the appropriate team . would you dm me with your details .
maybe you could send us your number and we could get that to him . <URL> .
please contact us at our email address and provide the confirmation number and we would be glad to look into the matter for you .
we discontinued the ios app so we could focus more on our mobile site .
glad the issue was resolved .
hello , and thanks for your message . yes , that plan comes with unlimited data for streaming , surfing , and more .
sorry for the delay , please contact us for compensation
hello , i 'm sorry for the inconvenience , please send us an email with your information so that i can look into your issues .
we pushed your info to our customer service team and they 'll get to you soon !
we understand that it is difficult to have service interruptions and appreciate your patience as we work though the difficulties of fully restoring service to all areas affected by the hurricane . our crews are working diligently to restore all service as quickly as possible .
dm your registration info so that we can pass on your feedback .
we are sorry for the inconvenience . please send us a dm about your experience and we will follow up on it
i can look into the for you <USER> . please dm the order details .
definitely high on the creepy dial , and nothing wrong with loving a lexus !
the internet is down . sorry for the inconvenience . thanks for your patience
how are you ?
the college is open today .
this is sold out .
sorry about the delay . we are doing everything possible for a quick departure .
i am sorry . it appears we had a delay and we are working to address it now .
we are so happy to continue providing you with outstanding products . please enjoy 20 percent off on your next order . thanx for being a loyal customer !
we can help you out with this . send us a dm of your address and we can help out .
we don 't have anything at the time but keep your eyes peeled on the device page for updates .
contact the hotel you are staying at for further assistance .
you 're quiet welcome ! we look forward to seeing you again .
thank you , we will be contacting you directly to resolve this issue .
hello ! can you send me a dm so i can look into this for you ?
we will get back to you as soon as we look into this .
thanks so much for shopping with us ! don 't forget to pay us through the offer site :)
so sorry to hear about this . we do try to provide several options for payment . send us a dm if you 'd like to speak further .
so sorry , you should not have to wait so long . my apologies .
we have found the problem and it should be fine now !
happy birthday to you ! come by and we 'll send her a commemorative birthday gift to celebrate her day .
i know ! they keep cutting to commercial , it is so frustrating .
it 's great to have a reduction in commute time . more " you " time ! ! !
hi , riverline will run normal and will be waiting to load and go after the concert .
thanks so happy you feel that way .
i am bringing in @cavswgunited to help you more .
can you call our reservation center to get this issue resolved <NUMBERS> .
surprisingly yes it does !
text 506 and wait for a message .
hello , and thank you for your comment . i assure you we care about communicating with our customers . i will ask @vmbusinesshelp to get in touch with you .
thanks for your suggestion !
thanks so much for being patient with this . we will let you know when it 's arrived !
id be more than happy to help you . just dm me your info and we can get started .
i 'm sorry i can 't assist you . please contact wyndham rewards for further assistance at 1.866.996.7937 or <E-MAIL> .
may i ask where you are located ?
we are so sorry you are unhappy , is there anything we can do ?
i am here to help . please send a dm with contact details and tracking and i will look .
if you 're on a mobile device you should download our app , please dm us if you keep having issues .
so sorry to see you broke down ! are you o . k ?
you can contact customer service and give them the invoice number on the receipt . thanks
thanks for the feedback . we just had an upgrade so let us know if you are having issues .
thank you for the information . hopefully this gets the word out .
thanks for the feedback ! we want to take care of you .
thanks so much . we 'll pass it on !
please confirm your number privately thru the inbox so we can help you more .
sorry but we do not service , sell , or rent water heaters .
a refund and complimentary rental for next time .
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
appreciate the love <USER> wishing you and yours a happy wednesday !
clothing is always a much needed item to be donated to mission collections and charities . the block buster shirts would be appreciated by someone in need of a shirt .
sorry for the frustration ! try the forgot password link
apologies again . i will relay this information and try to get information back to you if there is a problem with the route .
sounds great ! we 're glad that you enjoy the product !
thanks , we are happy you are happy !
good morning , and thank you for bringing this to our attention . this is definitely not acceptable and i will be happy to look into it for you to make sure it doesn 't happen again . can you please dm me your address and phone number ?
this sounds amazing ! congrats on the healthy breakfast !
brilliant ! enjoy !
i would be happy to look into this if you can please dm your number .
if only one of your orders is registering we should check into that . please send a dm with your account details .
thank for your this feedback . we receive all of our customer 's experiences .
what a great pic ! hope she enjoyed her breakfast ! :)
thanks , enjoy !
please send me a dm with policy number and contact details and i will look into it .
you can contact us at <E-MAIL> .
these are really awesome ! they might jump out at you in the yarn !
hi <USER> , we have sent you an email . can you follow up with us ?
what is your number , our escalation team will be contacting you within an hour .
that 's right !
we need to speak with the person cancelling for security purposes . you can also email to avoid wait times , i am so sorry about that !
hi <USER> ! thank you for your interest in the rockmelter browser . click <URL> to see our faq and download the latest version .
no need to send a dm if everything 's working , but feel ree to reach out if you have any further issues ! thanks !
we appreciate the love !
i 'm sorry you 're unhappy with this . what problems are you having with your service ?
we are looking into it now
hello . i am sorry you are experiencing a problem could you please me your order number so i may investigate further ?
oh no ! we don 't like hearing this . send us a direct message so we can help you out .
which email did you use ? what is going on ?
enjoy it ! you never know when winter is coming .
thanks for contacting us and if you give us your info we can help you
the number should begin with a 9 or we can use your email ?
thank you . you should receive a call back shortly .
not sure . cloths look a little sketchy , could be from anywhere .
just trying to simplify everything .
hello <USER> i am terribly sorry for the delay . we may be able to compensate your for the inconvenience . click <URL> to file a claim .
you need a clip in order to use the app at this time .
i am sorry to hear this , we can provide compensation
email us at <E-MAIL> and we will get the process started .
lets take a look into this . send me a dm so i can help you .
we can help you with this , please call at your convenience
can you please send us a dm and we will be more than happy to answer all of your questions about the apple watch 3 !
thanks for sharing !
oh no how did this happen , contact us so we can get to the bottom of this
what did you see on the screen when you were blocked ?
at the moment we aren 't delivering to serbia .
awesome ! i hope you and your sisters both enjoy the products !
dm us you id and we will look into this for you .
have you tried to re-install the app , message me again if it persists .
the seasons are steadily changing so is our product line
okay . i will look at that and find a solution .
we will look into it
sorry to hear you are having issues . shoot me a message so i can look into it .
that 's horrible ! please dm me with your information .
we agree !
i am glad that you were able to experience great customer service .
i am sorry to hear this . would you mind sending us a dm so that we can resolve this for you ?
@cavsteamshop will have new jersey in late september .
there were delays earlier in that destination , where are you located ?
we can narrow it down by the venue . is there a specific location you have in mind ?
you can go to <URL> for a list of stores that sell our loaves .
oh , not good . please send me your contact info at <E-MAIL> and i 'll see if we can work out a customized solution .
we have no midnight releases planned , but keep an eye on <URL> in the case of an update !
i 'm already booked that day with the makeup show opening party .
you can check our website for a quote , or send me a message and we can look it up for you .
we hate to hear that ! could you enlighten us as to what is going on with your visits ?
ok , dm is on the way , please confirm when received .
would you contact us at <NUMBERS> . we would like to know more information about your situation and want to follow up .
i am having trouble tracking this order . can you dm me all the information again ?
how sweet ! congratulations !
no , there is not . what is the amex card that you have ?
i understand but there are events every weekend here in toronto and it 's not possible to avoid .
please send us a dm so we can look into it
we 're sorry to hear this , please dm us and we 'll see what we can do .
send us a dm with your contact emails , and store location so we can help .
stay tuned !
hello , no other vouchers or promotions can be used with this offer . hope this information helps .
we welcome your feedback . please dm us
we don 't have release dates but we 're working on rolling it out asap
i am here to help . lets get started with a dm
sorry about that , would you be interested in possibly another offer ?
so i know where to direct you for help , where are you located ?
you 're welcome , please fill out the survey and let us know about our service .
so sorry it 's been delayed . contact us and we will make it right .
athanks for the feedback user ! we always appreciate it .
sounds good to me !
so sorry to hear about your flight ! we can help you get compensated .
hello <USER> we are getting a high volume of usage at the present moment , give it a few minutes and the reload . thank you !
thank you for youe feedback , may i assist you with anything today ?
here is a link for you to purchase them <URL> . hope you get great seats . let us know how it goes !
i 'm so sorry . can you dm your number and i will attempt to sort this out for you ?
sorry for the inconvenience . thank you for contacting us regarding this information . i have forward the issue to resolution team .
looking forward to seeing you again !
hope you get it soon !
thank you for contacting us , i 'll forward this information to the appropriate department . you can contact us at <NUMBERS> for additional help .
thank you for the feedback
we are looking into it right now !
if you are all set with the issue , please walk down for a repair .
they will be coming next month
what country are you located in ?
awesome , so glad your issue was taken care of . if anything else comes up , just drop a dm ! :)
hope it does not cost you too much
please feel free to message us your questions .
you can contact us at <E-MAIL> directly !
we have replied to your issue via dm .
what is the problem you are having ?
we sure are !
if you return the item to where you purchased it they will happily refund you .
we don 't currently have yukata scheduled to be restocked , but , i will update you as soon as the order goes in .
we customized those shoes ourselves . you can do this yourself if you purchase the natural canvas classics and write on them :)
you can request it when you are there next !
reach out with all your concerns .
okay , let me look it up by date .
we have sent you a message , please let met know if you got it .
let 's see if we can do better . please contact us with the details .
dm me and let me know what the problem is .
occasionally these systems activate simultaneously . gotta love technology .
please send us a dm , thank you !
we 'll add the deal in - looks like we missed it . thanks for your message !
thank you for that information . we have low flat rates for your area ! please dm to discuss your options .
the coaches are making mistakes .
great ! let us know if there are any issues .
we apologize for the disruption . controlled amounts of natural gas are being safely released as part of needed maintenance work .
thanks for choosing sprint . have a great rest of your week .
so sorry ! i can completely sympathize . :(
oh yes . great products .
it looks like it would be available in february , you can check out <URL>
contact @vmbusinsshelp to receive additional help .
thanks for letting us know of this issue . can you please send a dm with the day and times that you experienced internet issues ? we will notify the district manager of this issue and get it resolved .
oh no ! thats not how that works ! can you dm your information so that we can look into this further ?
so sorry to hear about the inconvenience . can you dm us with more details ?
thanks for the feedback ! we will pass your request on to the product development team
what is wrong with your range ?
we can 't wait to get home and use ours either !
i 'm sorry about that . tech support has created an incident report . please check your inbox for updates . thanks .
thanks for your support cheering on #aus .
yes , that link works for all orders . is there anything else i can assist with ?
please dm us and we will review your plan
please dm @iwcare so a dedicated cs agent can assist you .
thank you for the compliment . you have an eye for style and class i see !
no problem . thank you for being a customer
can you dm me your details so i can look into it ?
of course . we 'll make sure to have someone follow up with you .
it must have been lost in transit , we are sending another one out for you at no charge
i am sorry that there has been a problem . i will pass this on for more help with the issue .
i 'm not sur and i am sorry you had that happen to you . give me a moment to liaise with dispatch .
these were a limited item so they may not be restocked . however , if you message us we can tell the company we have a high demand for this item .
just thin of her love and it should warm your heart , happy v-day !
i am glad to hear it !
do you know where we can find your coffee and buy groceries ?
thanks for reaching out . can you please dm me your feedback and email address so i can help you .
this occasionally happens with gluten free bread . we are working hard to correct the problem .
sorry ! we 've got a lot of other new items . check them out !
i 'm sorry to hear that . can you dm me some information about the problem , including your name and phone number ?
hi <USER> can you please dm your details so i can try to assist you with this matter .
we are upset to hear that . please dm us for further help .
hi , dm us if you want to change your billing .
please dm some details so i can take care of this .
we are sorry that you 're having this issue , please forward your message to contact @blockbuster_uk .
thanks for the feedback !
we 're sorry you feel that way , but we 're always happy to receive all feedback .
it is not common but can happen . if you want to know more please visit <URL> .
can you be more specific ? what 's not working ?
awesome , glad you enjoyed it and more information will come down shortly . see you next time !
you can go to any dealership and they can take care of you !
just following up , were you able to find everything you need ?
yes , just bring it in and it will be taken care of !
thanks for the suggestion ! passing it on the merchandising team .
dm me your personal info including tracking to recieve further help .
us too ! thanks for being a part of this effort !
unfortunately these things happen from time to time , we have vouchers for you
glad we were able to help !
we 're terribly sorry about your troubles , please feel free to dm us and we 'll get in contact with you directly .
sorry about that ! we simplified the display .
app development is strong and many new apps available . cheers
please dm us so we can resolve the issue
may i ask which system you are having issues with ?
i have sent in the request for you !
contact u via dm so we can see what issues you 're having .
oh no ! that 's absolutely the worst :/
haha , that sounds great !
see we still carry them
we are sorry to hear this , please provide details to <E-MAIL> .
we are happy to hear that
have a great day and let us know if you need anything else !
can you pm us your information so the store can contact you ?
so sorry for the problem . i 'd be happy to help clear it up . let me look into the issue . i 'll get back to you with a solution as soon as possible .
we 'll let our team know .
yes they are , although there may be some delays in place
kids will be kids . i guess it is time to set boundaries with her .
yay ! hope you win and have a nice time !
stay tuned on our page for updates !
hi ! <USER> , thank you for contacting us unfortunately we can not ship to your location at this time . however you can find our store locator to see what is near you : <URL>
we have followed you . please send a dm ! :)
i am sorry you are having trouble . it appears on monday the route change will be reflected .
that must have been very frustrating . please send us a dm so that we can help solve your issues .
we are sorry you are experiencing long hold times , please message us with your concerns .
contact us so we can help you further .
we 're sorry to hear that . @ntelcare will be in contact to help shortly .
we 're so sorry to hear that . send us a dm or email us at <E-MAIL> so we can take a look for you .
a technician is now assigned to the ticket , so this should be resolved quickly . thank you .
we 're proud to have you <USER> !
please send us a message so we can look into the problem .
we are here to help . don 't hesitate to call us for anything .
we can 't wait ! see you there ? :)
yes , and on all our long haul flights .
sending this to support so they can assist you .
please contact me and i can help you . send me your information so i can help . thanks
glad you enjoyed it :D
thanks , enjoy !
so nice to hear from you , we are sure your father is a great man .
happy things worked out ! thanks for letting us know .
the suns didn 't do much better i 'm afraid . seems we are all feeling some pain !
we 'd be glad to take a look at that for you , can you dm your order numbers so we can check ? thanks
i am sorry to hear you are having issues with our service . i would love to help you solve your issue . please call us at 1-800- 555-555 .
hi <USER> , i 'm really sorry about this problem . i don 't have the authority to solve it myself but i 'll be happy to pass it on to my manager . please sent me more information . what happened and when did it happen ?
there must be a connection issue as they wont have hung up on you . please reach out to us so we can clear this matter up
we would like to make it up to you . dm me the order info and the voucher details and i can explain the limitations and exclusions associated with the voucher . i am sorry for your experience and look forward to making this up to you .
thank you , duly noted .
<USER> sorry to hear you are having a disappointing experience , can you dm me your phone number so that i can try to help ?
hello user . sorry that you are having problems . let me look up the reference number to see what the problem is .
we love to hear you cheering ! let 's go get this !
we don ; t want to hear that . what can i assist you with ?
yes , but let me give you physical locations .
awesome cant wait
look for them to come early next week !
thanks for the shoutout ! :)
very nostalgic
sorry to hear that , can you dm me some details ?
thanks so much for letting us know . i 'll make sure the support team knows of this issue .
we are so sorry , please send a screen shot to us so we can fix this .
sorry they only have the silver but i will share with our product team the interest for silver !
i will look into it myself , can you dm me the details .
yes pete 's go !
the story will open in fall 2017 . look forward to seeing you there !
we are so sorry to hear this . we 'd like to get this resolved for you immediately . please send us a pm with your number and we 'll give you ring .
if you 're trying to watch the video on a computer , you should be able to see the video across the top of the screen .
how about the current released album ?
the train number is <NUMBERS> , how long is this delay , i need to be there by noon ?
if you haven 't gotten through , just send me a dm with your number and i 'll get the case started for you .
i am sorry that we have not been a good match for you , can you tell me what has gone wrong so i can make it better ?
just wait and see ...
you are most welcome !
that 's a beautiful shot . thanks for sharing the love !
they are all completely safe !
we are here to help you . thanks for the feedback !
thanks for reaching out ! if you could , dm me your info so i can assist you
hi , our team will contact you soon to get the situation handled . thanks .
sorry to hear this . send me a dm so i can look into this for you .
the document is enviro-friendly . it 's a load of recycle policies .
that 's awesome to hear ! thanks for sharing . hope you have a great day .
we love you back ! enjoy it !
our release should be very soon , we expect it in the next few months . keep checking your feed will post more as we get closer . #winners
you are absolutely right ! it is the complete package !
good news ! your shipment is already on its way . i see that it will be there before noon .
did you get a code from us ?
good to hera !
thanks for letting us know about your issue <USER> ! we would like to work with you to resolve the issue if you want to contact us directly , that would be great
please dm your order number and contact information so i can forward your complaint to our customer service team .
we support this goal completely ! let 's start the chat !
please send us a dm .
hey <USER> , can you tell me what the initial complaint was ? i 'd love to look into that for you .
we are checking the restock date for this right now .
thank you very much !
it will be for you tracking details .
is store credit a n acceptable form of tuition ?
we 'll send you a dm shortly from our customer team account .
yes , see the attached link for the exact match to the one you broke
so sorry for the scare . we would like to look into this further . please send a dm with your location and time of the incident .
we have a feedback section for those who have issues with the device , please let them know this <URL>
beautiful picture ! we love your photography skills !
we are so glad to have you on our team mubashir !
we are currently updating the system and it should be working by tomorrow !
if you were not charged it means that the order did not go through or that the items were not in stock to send .
please send us a dm with your zip code and location so we can check coverage in your area
nice catch ! enjoy .
yup ! you are right its the kind of teacake type of thing .
backstage reception
thanks for the shout out !
so sorry to hear about this ! please dm or call customer service so we can resolve this issue for you asap !
you might be eligible for compensation . apologies
i hear you ? religion and business don 't mix well .
check your inbox for a message from us .
we sure do luv you too ! thank you for being a valued customer .
best of luck to you ! we are sure you will do wonderfully !
sorry for the price difference . please send us a dm with the details and we 'll see what we can do .
many apologies for the confusion - please reach out to us at 1-800- subaru 3 for assistance . thank you !
<USER> , we 'd be happy to answer any dm you send about your issue .
please stop by @purelycosmetics and @tobetterskin booth !
we just replied to your dm
thanks for your review <USER> !
please dm your problem and contact information so i can forward your complaint to our customer service team .
happy to hear you were able to get help ! if you need any further assistance please don 't hesitate to send us a dm .
you can file a complaint if this continue to be a problem .
i 'm sorry to hear this . are other tribe apps working properly ?
no , no promotional videos here .
thanks , we are doing our best !
we hope so too !
of course . we 'll follow up with you as soon as possible .
oh no ! please send us a dm about the issues you 've been having , we 'd hate to lose you !
the next ride guide will be available in december . keep watching for more information .
the maintenance team is working on it . the problems will be fixed soon . thanks for your patience .
sounds great ! if you have any further issues please contact us .
hey <USER> , we 're happy to help . can you please show me where you see the rebate ? thanks !
we would be happy to assist you . please contact us at <NUMBERS> ( email ) with any ways we can assist !
hi can you please email us details here : <E-MAIL> . thank you !
please get in touch with us again tomorrow after that , and we can see what the next steps are .
we will get back to you as soon as possible .
are you able to go into one of our stores to replace them , they are covered and i would just need some information from you .
i just need your account number and i am happy to look that up for you .
sorry for the problems . please dm me and i will personally help you . thanks
that definitely means a lot to us ! we spent a lot of time getting these right .
we would be happy to check the status of your package if you would dm us your tracking number and address .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us with more details ? we 'd be happy to help .
i apologize for that . tell me what i can do .
contact us @wind_care so that we can better assist you . thank you .
really sorry to hear this . we will send your issue on customer service for assistance . keep us posted here on the status .
thanks for reaching out <USER> , please send me a dm with the website that you submitted the order for .
your order was dispatched on the 3rd , the second on the 5th .
why don 't you show it off ?
we will certainly take your concerns into consideration . sorry you couldn 't get it when needed .
hey , you are right journeys is . if you want to know other authorized tom 's locations check here <URL> .
your feedback has been passed on . thanks !
i 'm sorry to hear that . dm me your contact info and i 'll do my best to help you .
we know you can do it !
we are the safest airline around , what has made you uncomfortable ?
we love you too
i think everything should be fixed and you can sign up now . sorry about all that !
please send us a dm with the issues you are having and we would be glad to help you however we can . sorry to hear about the troubles .
the train is cancelled because we have a crew shortage .
congrats , good luck !
if you send us a dm we will manually unsubscribe you .
i am sorry this problem was not addressed when you first reported . if you send it to <URL> we will work to remedy it .
no problem .
we would be happy to look if you will dm us your account details .
we will dm you the tracking information .
i regret to inform you , the quickest we can get the cards to you is monday .
we apologize for any confusion . you should be allowed to sit in your assigned seat .
please contact our indian branch here <URL>
the last thing we can try is a hard reset , but this will delete anything you have on your phone .
thanks for the support !
we queue all our calls and if you get somewhere other than canada ask them to dispatch you to a canadian location .
we 'll keep that in mind !
may i have your order number please ?
ok . please review our warranty guideines here <URL> and then we can proceed with the next steps .
thanks for bringing this to my attention , please give me your location so we can help as soon as possible .
i 'm sorry to hear about your bad experience . please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
thanks for contacting us <USER> if you dm me your policy number i will look into this .
the phone needs to be bought from our office before you can activate a data plan .
please provide us with your details for further assistance .
what were you thinking you will be charged for ?
thanks ! we strive to provide the best .
we 're ready for you !
we will definitely look into this problem .
all of the heads are out on the market , just gotta keep looking ! you 'll get one , i just know it !
so happy to hear you 're enjoying us ! have a great day !
i am sorry to hear this . we are working to ensure that this is resolved quickly .
that is quite a bit of blogging !
hello user . can you give me your account number so i can look up your order ?
you sure can ! please make sure you have your receipt with you when returning sale items .
we can repalce that for you and give you a partial refund , please dm me more details .
hi <USER> ! it looks like your order is in route and should be delivered to you by the end of the week . here is the tracking number <URL> for your reference .
ty for the rt !
we feel the same way completely ! :)
hi . what did you experience that was unsatisfactory . maybe i can help you .
we are sorry to hear that ! please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
can you please provide me with your tracking number ?
looking forward to the pics .
awesome ! !
if you can dm us with her style preference , we may be able to suggest a replacement !
so sad to hear this . what happens when you watch any of the tv stations ?
if you know the name of the associate , can you dm us , please ?
those look grea , t you will do well with those !
i am sorry for the delay in response . i have passed your information on and someone should be in contact with you soon .
enjoy it !
samsung galaxy note 7 stars in about an hour .
this worries us , please send a dm and we can help .
wow ! be sure to check out the nyc store and get you another pair .
our techniques are designed to help . thanks !
we would love to hear the story .
yes please call our service number to change the location
we are very sorry can you please contact us directly at <E-MAIL> ?
thanks for sharing your details . we are working on it now .
the formula online is correct , but the current one might be different from when it was first introduced .
i am sorry to hear this . if you email me the details we will make it right <URL>
please dm your order number and i can look into it for you .
thanks for contacting us . let us get that fixed for you !
i 've sent you an email with the tracking information for all of your items we shipped . one was shipped today and the missing item on the 7th . thanks !
wouldn 't that be awesome ? ! we love @everlane !
we have many different sneakers and they are as comfortable as the cordones .
thanks for coming out and enjoying the show .
please let us know how we could help you . we want to make sure our customers are happy !
you 're welcome ! happy to help .
that is unbelievable . mvp ?
they are doing great this season ! but they always seem to choke in the playoffs .
we are developing this option right now .
let us know if we can do anything else to help .
someone will contact you soon .
no , we do not see them , can you try contacting <E-MAIL> ?
how can we help >
wow , we hate to hear that . what city and state are you seeing this in ?
thanks for letting us know . we 'll pass on our feedback .
that is not enough for me , i need someone in management now , this issue has gone too far .
the set can be taken to your local store and exchanged .
we have a web page that lets you check the dimensions for strollers , so you can see if yours will be allowed .
aw . feeling the love <3
thank you for your support ! aussie , aussie , aussie , oi oi oi !
sorry to hear that ! send me your order # so that i may further assist you !
could you please rephrase your question ?
thanks for sharing !
id be more than happy to help you . just dm me your info and we can get started .
i see that the recharge was successful and will fix your account . thank you for contacting us .
no worries--bring them in to any bestbuy , and they should be able to help look up the receipt .
please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can make this right !
thanks for sharing ! :)
let us know how it goes , good luck <USER> !
aww yeah , that 's what we like to hear !
we apologize for that experience . please send us a dm .
i will send that to tech , they will help you further .
ok . then here is another place to try <URL>
this is currently out of stock , but we are working to get it back for you .
can you dm me for more details so i can look into how to best help you ?
we are so happy to hear from you another satisfied customer .
we certainly have to agree ! what delicious meal did you enjoy ?
hello . sorry to hear about that . our webpage is still in the early stages of being fully implemented . please give us a call and we can assist you with your order .
it is possible for a refund if you ordered over the phone or online you just have to send the tickets to this address : 2nd floor , college park house , 20 nassau street , dublin 2
certainly am ! thanks for your message .
we 'll have a team member to answer you first thing in the morning . sorry for the delay .
please send me your name and phone number and i can find your info .
this is the us social media team , so you 'll have to contact 03456 07 08 09 for your location .
anytime , this is my favorite place to relax .
that 's what we are here for , let us know if there 's anything else you need help with ;)
hi , we are not available now but first thing tomorrow morning , you 'll be served .
contact us via email for more help .
there are an unusually high number of people traveling today . we will have something to you as quickly as possible . you can call <NUMBERS> for help finding an alternate route .
you 're a legend .
just go to <URL> and type in your order number !
just checking in with you from your previous experience and wanted to know if we could assist you ?
awesome to hear !
i understand your frustration . can you give us the bus number so we can look into it further ?
we are currently sold out . our apologies . have a great day .
if you need assistance with your billing issues , please direct message us and we 'll be happy to assist .
hello . i 'm sorry to hear that you 're dissatisfied with our customer service . please send a dm so that we can assist you .
thank you for the support ! have a wonderful week .
i can help you with this , please contact us with your email and acct number
i am a lexus driver for life , the price is always more than worth it .
at the moment we do not have the ability for you to add icons . so sorry for the inconvenience .
i am sorry you have not been contacted . can you dm your order number and we will look into the status for you
we are looking at this . thanks for giving us the information .
hi <USER> , we know this is real ! if you want to reach us further feel free to send us a dm .
i 'm sorry you didn 't have a good experience , please contact us directly for help
unfortunately there is no in-kind donation program set up , but we do give through our giving partners .
iit was out pleasure ! thanks so much .
dm us your number for assistance .
i will have someone follow up with your complaint . they will be in contact with you soon .
we have provided the code below
please text this number with the subject stop and we will discontinue messages
thanks for letting us know , we have informed relevant local parties and are about to investigate this claim .
hi are you doing well ? please send us the proposal at <E-MAIL> )
hi sai , send the dealer a message for further help !
send us your details at <E-MAIL> and mention this post
hello , we will look to incorporate this into our listing .
