you can contact your dealer for further assistance . thank you .
excellent ! enjoy - and never hesitate to reach out to us with any questions !
you are most welcome .
the correct number to sms is 45926 . give that one a try .
we are sorry for the bad experience , we will have someone look at this as soon as possible .
do you need assistance , if so please dm your name , delivery address , tracking number and phone numbers .
no you can not do that
which listing are you interested in ?
i do not know but there are some limited quantities in the stores if you look around
please reach out to customer support at <NUMBERS> .
please send me your tracking information and i 'll look it up .
sure . our schedule will allow that .
sorry for the long wait .
there is no restocking information available at this time but i will pass your info on to feedback .
that is quite a wise saying , i will have to steal it .
we love those pants just as much as you . happy hunting !
hi . we might be able to compensate you . send us a dm and we can look at this closer .
i would like to look into this would you please dm me with more information .
please see our webpage for offers
we are so glad to know that . have a great weekend !
what is the best time to call you ?
i apologized for the hold times , we are working in get better , were you helped ? we are happy to assist you know if you dm us your account .
what is the model number ?
you 're welcome . customer satisfaction is our # 1 priority .
i 'm glad you like them . they are so exciting .
i 'm sorry to hear it 's not working . can you dm me your details and i 'll look into it ?
thank you for letting us know . we are tracking it down now .
our support team has been working on this and you should be receiving your code soon .
you can either pick up rewards card at our customer service desk in any store or sign up online . it only takes a couple of minutes .
i can see why you would find this unacceptable .
we appreciate the love !
please call 1-800- shop-cvs , so we can help you with this issue .
we have been experiencing a technical breakdown of service , please dm me with your order details and i will try to resolve your issues .
at this time all past issues are archived please check with a local store to see if copies are available .
glad you are having such a good time !
congratulations to you , <USER> !
the points are valid until the end of the year . thanks .
not at all ! we just don 't want you to give up hope for the future !
madonna is one of our favorite people !
we 'll pass on your lovely feedback to the team :)
hi , please click the link to file a request .
oh no <USER> , can you contact us so we can try to make things right at <NUMBERS> ?
awesome ! great work
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
hi . we have responded . please check your messages .
wow that is amazing . little too time consuming for me to make one !
thanks for the great shots <USER> !
hello there , the time provided is just an estimate which is calculated from schedules and gps , but since all variables can 't be accounted for sometimes it might be slightly off .
i will reply to your questions via email .
happy weekend ! :)
please contact our information support line to verify if your phone has any technical issues .
time flies by when you are having fun !
please send a dm so we can figure out the issues .
great you are enjoying the coffee . thanks and cheers .
hmm cant seem to find anything , please hold
i do not understand your question , please send a dm .
what a view ! !
sorry to hear that . please dm us so we can help you out with your joint account !
that 's amazing everything is fine . please don 't hesitate to let us know if you ever need anything else .
sorry about the confusion . try <E-MAIL> .
please send us a dm so we can help you out !
with great videos and great prices . cheers
we hope so too !
thanks , <USER> ! if not , they do now !
crossland x is now available for viewing in our showrooms .
that 's amazing to hear ! what was your favorite part ?
awesome , please let us know if you need anything else
we can get you compensation for the delay . dm us for more info
please contact customer service so they may assist you .
we aim to respond within 24 hours .
go to the link to use the trip planner assistant <URL>
they are amazing !
excellent method to get the best results .
we 're very sorry to hear this . please be in touch with our colleagues at @vmbusinesshelp and they 'll gladly help .
hi there . did this someone identify himself and his company ? thank you for the information .
best of luck !
wow you admitted to liking that movie in public ?
if you take that back to your nearest aldi they will be happy to resolve that issue for you .
can you give us you imei number and phone model number please
hope you enjoy ! :)
please dm us your address and other info so we can sort this out for you today .
you 'll hear back from us soon .
i just checked and it should be on your way now !
charges are no indication of guilt but they should be suspended until everything clears out
thanks for the good vibes .
hi <USER> . send us more details of your experience and we can get you sorted out .
sorry to hear that , can you give us some more details at <E-MAIL> ?
yes it 's possible .
we currently do not , but we will let you know if we do !
i 'm so sorry ! what size are you wanting to purchase ? i can get an estimate for you on when we will have it back in stock .
you can stay up to date on any updates at <URL> .
call us at <NUMBERS> and we will look into this for you . thanks !
hi <USER> . your accommodation offers all-inclusive still .
<URL> will show you the closest aldi .
we are always looking for ways to improve . what issues are you having ?
check our new customer care page .
i 'm sorry to hear you 're having issues . if i can help let me know . just send me a direct message and your details .
if you dm me the contact info i can look into it further .
i don 't get paid to dance .
i know how frustrating that is . you might be eligible for compensation , please check out <URL> at your convenience
hello ! personal preference , but we do have shoes for 0-6 months !
hello <USER> . so sorry to hear about your frustration . operators are expected to service all stops while in service . to report this incident please follow this link <URL> .
you 're welcome ! we look forward to keep our customers charged and running !
at fedex we try and park out of the way when possible , i am sorry you had a bad experience ..
hello could you please dm us the store location and the full story ? we 'd love to hear more .
you may be able to get compensation for your troubles .
please contact us immediately . this should not have happened . dm us your contact info .
if you can dm us your fb page we will be able to help
and we love you ! glad we could help !
please dm us your details and location and we 'll check into it .
very sorry to hear that . can you dm the details of the problem and i will get your report to the appropriate deparment ?
please call our reservations line at <NUMBERS> .
we apologize . please email us or send us a dm and we will follow up with you .
uh oh , sorry for the mix-up ! could you dm me your address so i can set up a replacement for you ? thanks for getting in touch !
thank you for the feedback . when you have a moment please reach out via dm so we can take a closer look at the issue for you .
the correct numberi s <NUMBERS>
we apologize , but that is a pretty common with the on demand rental agreement .
sorry for your experience . please dm me and i will help you asap . thanks
our animals are treated fairly and as humane as possible
nice choice !
we great appreciate all your support ! #uptheblues ! <URL>
why not all three ? ;)
please let @wind_cares know and they 'll sort out hte issue .
we are so encouraged to hear that ! way to go !
please dm me your issues so we can make it right .
i am sorry to hear that this happened , let me refund that and provide 10 dollars credit to your account .
hi <USER> , unfortunately we don 't have a date for you yet . customers will be notified when we do . thanks for your patience .
it appears we have mis-indentified the promo you were referring . call <NUMBERS> and we will look into it .
could you send a dm with more information concerning your problem and i can see if we can help ?
hi <USER> , we love hearing from customers and we love your support !
i 'm happy to help , just dm your email address please .
we don 't currently offer price matching but you can keep up to date on all of our products here at <URL>
lol ! you sure did ! thanks for sharing that , looking forward to seeing more !
i 'm sorry to hear that <USER> ! please email me with your account information and store . we 'll look into it . <E-MAIL>
thanks for sharing with us .
thanks for the heads up !
you have received a refund and a new credit code .
you can enroll whenever you 'd like at :
i am sorry you are having an issue , but this is something your dealership will have to help you with .
we love to hear this !
so glad to hear this ! :D
i would like to help you with this . can you dm your information ?
who do you have winning ?
hello ! can you dm us your contact info and tracking number so we can look into this for you ?
i see . how can i assist you today ?
we 'd recommend the d5500 - a lightweight dslr with touch screen & wifi that 's perfect for your travels . hope that helps .
it is the perfect way to wake up . please dm me to claim your prize .
if an item is unavailable in store than you can order online .
they cost about $ 50 to update , is that something you would be interested in ?
rt @somanoid : #storytelling to transform your km projects , strategy and culture #ilta13 <URL>
please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can rebook or compensate you .
i 'm so sorry to hear this . check out this link and we can help :
i can find out for you . what is your email ? please dm us .
hi <USER> i understand your frustration and apologize for the inconvenience . please dm me so i can make this right .
please send us a dm with a email address and phone w / account number
there is no estimated date yet as the repairs are still ongoing . i apologize for the inconvenience .
deep breaths ! i 've been there and it gets better ( and worse ;) )
saw your tweet , please follow us @theqassist .
hi , please send me your order info and i 'll look into this for you .
please contact our customer service team . <URL>
please give me your order number so we can find the original order .
if you can dm me i would be happy to help you !
i am sorry to hear it . please send us a dm with your account info so we can help you .
sorry to hear you have no water . very miserable without water . repairs on the way . thanks
open box items are priced accordingly , sorry you did not get instructions with it
i can look for you . dm me the details .
there is an accident ahead , sorry for the delay
can you give us the order number please ?
that could be a major safety hazard ! thanks for reaching out .
we are working hard at making all our products eco friendly
it 'll only be available until halloween - better get shopping !
welcome to the family ! :)
what device are you using ?
oh no . feel free to send them back or visit your local store for replacement or refund .
love the great shots !
would you please dm me with details of the issues and your vin number so i can better assist you .
i can check on that for you ? can you dm me your contact and tracking info ?
perhaps we can find another plan that suits you . what is your current account number ?
we 're here to help customers get compensated for flight delays . please file your case here <URL>
yes ?
if you send me your order number through dm i can look into it for you .
holden has not accounced any plans yet but keep posted !
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
hi a member of that team will respond to your query very shortly .
thanks for the support !
i am sorry for this . check your inbox for our message .
that is great to hear ! glad you 're so pleased !
thanks for the post ! hope we see you tonight !
thanks for the shoutout !
no . we allow ten days from when the item was purchased , so it should be any day now .
thanks for the info , we will look into it right away .
happy we could help you out with that , thanks for sharing !
yay ! congratulations . now you just need the perfect car .
i understand your frustration , can you provide more info
order number please
contact <E-MAIL> and they can sort taht out for you .
done . please let us know the details of your account when you dm us , thanks !
can you dm us your booking details ? we 'll be happy to look into this for you and help you straighten it out !
absolutely . if you can send us a dm with your vin , we can check for any current recalls .
dm us your details so you can get your free gift .
how interesting ! how can i be of assistance ?
there are other products i can recommend , would you like me to ?
yeah , i have noticed that too , not here though , we have clothing to match any 90 ' s style .
it 's a helter skelter !
we can send you a replacement . the cost and details are available on our website at <URL> .
you can change at midnight if you 'd like
can you please give us some more details at <E-MAIL> ?
can you please email <E-MAIL> so we can look into this ?
just add the items into your cart and use your code to check out !
most can be used
glad we were able to assist you today .
hey there . where are you waiting ? what route are you on ? id like to help you out .
no sorry that is not possible but thanks for asking .
we have responded via dm .
i would be glad to assist you if you would give me a call .
we believe in you !
sorry to hear that you had a bad experience . we would be happy to help you further if you send us a dm or email us at <E-MAIL> .
great stuff ! thanks for the retweets . cheers
please fill out this form so we can make it right :
we apologize that you had a bad experience . we will check it for you now .
sorry that you 've had difficulties , contact us and we may be able to help
i 'm sorry your having issues . we 're aware of the problem and have a tower down which we hope to have fixed by early this evening .
i am sorry to hear this . our team is doing all they can to resolve your issues .
it should be back up now , can you check again ?
thanks for the feedback . send us a dm with your location so we can see if there 's something we can fix .
yes , if you could provide me with your order number .
this is a feature , not a bug !
please dm your contact information so we can directly work to resolve your issue .
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
thank you for the suggestion . i 'll pass it on to our team .
thanks for your continued support ! go aussies ! !
thank you for your feedback . we are looking into updating the signage .
ca you please describe your issues ?
the iphone forever plan is part of our flex program , which allows an early upgrade after 12 payments !
dm us your order number so i can try to locate your order .
we 've received your dm and replied .
i 'm sorry . refugees are seeking safety for them and their families while the war continues to escalate . america is one of many countries refugees seek to keep themselves alive
our support system will be happy to help ! please call this <NUMBERS> to get more assistance .
lets get you compensated , please call us
can you send me dm with the details of your experience so i can look in to it ?
tell us your concerns .
thanks for telling us . our team will be looking into this .
i am sorry you had such a long wait , please send a dm with more info and i will personally look into it .
unfortunately beer will not be available after the cavs game but everything else will .
oh no ! we hate having unsatifactory reports . would you please allow me to assist with the issues
i 'm so sorry you 're experiencing problems . if you can direct messge me your details , i will look into this for you .
please contact our customer care
please let us know at <E-MAIL> so we can address this .
we would be happy to look into that for you . please dm your information , including tracking number , and we 'll start working on it right away .
they open later tonight at 6pm .
so sorry . i will give you a number to call for priority resolution .
items bought at target don 't count as we can 't see which particular items you bought 6 .
hi there , care to send over your tracking info so i can look into this for you ? thanks in advance .
so happy to hear it !
#yxyy is for improvised ideas . we 've forward your feedback to our team .
i am so sorry that you had this trouble . please reply with contact information so that a manager can compensate you .
hi <USER> , we are sorry but this is not an option at the moment but i will pass that feedback on to the right department .
thanks for supporting us !
that 's great to hear ! i love feedback like this ! thanks for everything !
thanks ! we 're happy to make you happy .
we recommend you now restart your phone .
the westbourne motors are 5 minutes away now .
time spent at the beach is the best . i 'm glad that you enjoyed your trip .
i have escalated your ticket and should be on top of the priority list
could you please send a dm with the order info ? thanks
i am sorry but support isn 't available anywhere outside of the us but we will get you to the right place if you follow this url .
i am so sorry to hear that . did you buy it new or used ? have you previously used or talked to the service department of the dealership ?
we 're so happy to hear that we 've helped you ! let us know if we can do anything else .
thank you very much for enjoying our services , tell your friends and family all about us .
sorry to hear about your negative experience , please dm us more information so we can assist .
our team can make that possible , please tweet them
we replied to your dm and hope that this helps you .
sorry for the delays . you will be contacted . thanks
i 'm glad to help you get your wife back on her way , if you need help , just drop us a dm
we appreciate you sharing this
it shows it is still coming soon on the item page <URL>
thanks for your support ! #smash #uptheblues
would you like me to check the status of the delivery ? please dm me the tracking # , address , and contact #
congratulations !
not sure if this is a joke or ... please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
sorry , we 'll get back to you soon .
i don 't think that men 's cbb even needs to redshirt anyone in this day and age .
we applied for lower rates @ontenergyboard and are hoping they will start on 01/01 / 2016 . please feel free to dm us for additional information .
please send me your account info and i will look into your issues . thanks .
i totally get this . long live project runway ! bring on the excitement !
i understand .
can you please dm me your information so i can look into it ?
okay . i 'm sorry you 've had to wait . i can take care of that for you if you 'd like to send me your order number and details .
the recycling receptacles are back . they were getting cleaned out .
thanks !
if you contact the store they should make this right for you . let us know .
i apologize for the inconvenience , please message me and i will look into this .
we are sorry for the inconvenience . we will dm you on how to receive a refund
can you please make a suggestion here : <URL>
the customer service department <NUMBERS>
such is life . perhaps we can be of assistance ?
great to hear !
i don 't have the exact date ; but i will contact you with updates .
we do , you can read more here <URL> .
you should hear back by tomorrow !
if you would please email me at <E-MAIL> i can look into that immediately .
have you tried refreshing or signing in and out again
sounds great . i hope to see it too . cheers
we 're sorry to hear that . can you dm us your email so that we can have a rep reach out to you ?
thanks for your kind words and support !
yeah we saw that on the news ! is he actually writing his tweets though ?
thank you so much . we will be in touch .
we are sure there will be plenty
there are ongoing issues and we are trying to minimize this . we recognize the current situation
please dm me so we can continue this conversation .
we loved it , but if you did not , please let us know at <E-MAIL> .
contact us and we can make this right
we are aware of the issue and are working around the clock to fix it . sorry for any inconvenience .
glad to have you join us !
let us know if it has not been updated within 2 days .
we will be in touch , give us an hour
the website has store locator which will be able to tell you
hello <USER> this issue has been resolved , we will have a daily check to ensure this stays this way . cs team
sorry for the problems . please send my your contact info . thanks
can you please try now , we have fixed the problem
#getin we can do it !
alright , if there is please let us know .
please send a message to <E-MAIL> and we will look into the matter right away .
we really appreciate it !
thanks , we will get back to you asap .
at this time we do not have any plans on restocking them
no you do not have to get a new simcard , its always free
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
you can submit a claim at <URL>
i 'm currently in an underwater bunker ;)
we certainly will - thanks for notifying us !
we apologize for the delay . please visit <URL> as we cannot rebook , but we can see if you 're eligible for compensation .
please dm us your account number and router model
i am happy to help ! send me a dm so we can take a closer look !
it usually takes 1-2 weeks .
we sure love it !
unfortunately we 're not able to change the order once it is already placed . i 'm sorry for the inconvenience .
hey we want meet your banking needs as best we can . perhaps we could look into opening an automatic savings deposit feature for your account ?
we are sorry to hear this . please send a dm and we will further assist .
can you give us a little more info on where you are ?
i am sorry to hear this . you may be eligible for compensation . file here <URL>
sorry , your package will be delivered asap as safely as possible
hi <USER> , i 'd be more than happy to help you out . i will just need a little bit more information . can you provide the model number ?
so exciting !
if you can dm me i would be happy to help you !
sorry to hear about this experience . please call us so we can assist you .
please dm us your order so we can sort this out for you .
<USER> resilience is critical . you have to learn to pick yourself back up .
please double check that there are no sale items , charity , or other offers already attached to your basket for the code to work .
i am so sorry to hear of your experience , and would be more than happy to assist you further . please send us a dm with your contact info so we can resolve this as quickly as possible .
you can access the newest upgrades through our software upgrade page <URL> . i hope this addresses your issue and if you need any further assistance please do not hesitate to message again . have a great day .
good luck to you !
we here are so happy for you
galaxy s8 ready for orders beginning today !
3-5 is the norm but its not unusual for it to take a bit longer
we are so happy to hear you 're happy . which are you referring to ?
i apologize and will get this sorted out for you .
what is your order number ? i will check into it asap .
please let us know which store you visited and dm us , we 'll do our best to correct the problem .
our union square location is our largest store .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
we 'll update our fans when we 've got new merch on the way :)
sorry you feel this way . please send us a direct message so i can try to help you better .
i would call 1.800.463.3339 and ask to speak to a customer advocate and let them know you have not had help from anyone .
we can 't discuss your issue here but we are replying to you via dm .
your account had been refunded . allow up to 3 days to receive it .
please dm us with more information on your stay .
so sorry to hear this . send us a dm and we 'll be happy to assist .
i would be glad to help you . dm me with your details .
please provide us with your details for further assistance .
contact me through dm so i can learn more about the situation .
i need the tracking information to carry out this request .
sure please send them to <E-MAIL> . thank you for reaching out .
ok , that makes sense thank you .
i love collaboration .
so exciting ! can wait to meet her ! :)
absolutely ! send us a personal message including your address with a cross street and we 'll fix it right up !
i 'm sorry to hear this .
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
but of course 💪 🏾 !
glad to hear ! thank you !
keep your eyes open . i 'm showing one arriving in about 5 minutes !
we are working hard to improve service .
why yes i am ! #qlder
sounds like a fantastic choice to me ! i hope you 'll share it so we can be inspired !
wow ! thanks for sharing these amazing photos ! !
glad you are enjoying each bit of it
sorry to hear this <USER>
hello jim , please dm us and we 'll be in touch .
let me take a look to see what the issue is , please private message us .
this is a common issue , please send screenshots to us
what is the model or your device ?
it may be a defective battery , we can send you a replacement asap
sorry about that , it will be redelivered the next day .
please contact customer service at <URL>
which drive through were you at ?
sorry for the delay . looks like 506 just passed dufferin . are you on board ?
awesome ! ! ! hope you enjoyed the movie !
great to hear , keep it up !
keep watching , it 's coming ! !
this is not very common , please call us so we can offer you compensation
i saw and responded .
looks amazing . making me hungry !
hello and yes i 'll be glad to help ! is the reset going for @cavsdreamtops ? thank you !
please reference this tweet and we can begin the replacement process .
sometimes some houses are left in the dark when others have power if you are on a different circuit or transformers are out
i 'm sorry . somehow you got missed .
we are thrilled to hear that justin was able to fix your problem ! we are sorry for the previous issues you were experiencing and appreciate your loyalty as a customer .
i am so glad to see this . send me a dm and i will pass on the feedback .
hello , this is xxx . could you provide me more information , so that i may connect you to the right department . for example , did you use or express or ground service ?
we will see what 's going on .
that is so sweet , when will be be back ? happy birthday !
hi , i 'd like to refer you to our sales team if i could ?
thanks for sharing .
tell us which product and we will be happy to help .
please update the memory card with the latest firmware . for additional help on this , please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
its in high demand and low on stock thats why
sorry . please dm us the location and we 'll sort it out .
i am so sorry to hear that . your safety is important to us . unfortunately it is very busy tonight and we are running behind . could you please dm your vehicle reg so that i can try to help ?
hey love ! can you shoot us a dm please ? we can move on with a colour match for you from there <3
hi ! we are looking into this , we are working to get better , and we are very sorry for the incovenient .
we 're so glad you had a great experience !
hi there , all of our prices are listed by experience on this site : url . let me know if i can help further !
great ! always a great start to a day !
please dm us the order number and we will let you now .
i 'll check it out ! please send along your email and billing address and i 'll look into it .
i do not agree with it either .
#tchat smarter employees are a company 's greatest asset , so we reward them .
no problem-have fun !
i am sorry about this . can we help you get compensation for your troubles ? visit : <URL>
please send a dm with the error so we can figure this out .
hi there . could you follow us so that i can dm you the foreign transaction fee information ? hope this helps , thanks !
thanks for the shout-out !
is this the first time you have experienced this issue with our product ?
that 's awful hopefully you can replace it , what about this <URL> ?
i am sorry it arrived late . dm me and i can help resolve this for you .
your order has been cancelled , i am in the process of emailing confirmation . thank you .
please tell us the location and we will look into it
we are sorry for the invonvenience
happy to help ! ! ! i love your logo !
i would like more info to assist you . please response at <E-MAIL> and refer to this post .
please send a detailed email to <E-MAIL> and one of our specialists will look into this for you .
we are sorry for the bad experience please dm us to discuss further
call <NUMBERS> and someone will be happy to assist you
it has not been announced yet so we are not sure at all about that either
i 'm sorry your experience wasn 't good . what happened ?
we hope her hair is ok ! ! ! please send us a dm and we will see what we do to fix the trouble with the top .
sorry about that , email <E-MAIL> so we can look into it !
we had one left and put it aside for you :)
can you send me more pictures through a dm <E-MAIL>
our customer service team has been working with you to resolve the issues . is there anything else i can assist you with ?
we will restore service as soon as possible .
i 'm sorry to hear that . i can help match the price if you give me your policy number by direct message .
we are on it , doing our best to figuring the situation out for you .
you can find more information here <URL> .
the release date is actually tomorrow but some customers are getting their digital downloads ahead of time .
we 're working to resolve this issue as fast as possible .
i 'm sorry your experience hasn 't been good . what happened ?
<USER> , we are happy to hear you are satisfied !
great . make sure you post some pics . :)
we are so happy to hear you 're happy .
that is upsetting to hear . can you give us the exact location of the center you visited ?
good explanation
i 'm sorry you are having difficulties . i would like to help with this situation . please follow and dm your contact info and return number with the best callback time so someone can look in to this for you .
can you dm us your order number so we can look into this for you ? thanks !
you are very welcome !
so sorry that you are having trouble . we 'd love to hear further information from you , please contact us at <NUMBERS> or <URL> and we 'll try to get this worked out for you .
that 's great , and dm us to get your prize .
i am sorry .
yes , of course . could you dm your contact info and product details so we can contact you ?
hmmm interesting
please dm me for further instructions
i apologize for this , if you will dm your info , i will be sure the appropriate dept . will contact you .
if you are an amex cardholder , just check that the event is fotl sponsored , then on sale times will show during pre-sale .
hi <USER> , it will be in-stores in march . thanks for inquiring .
we are disappointed to see this , can you tell us about it at <URL> .
thanks for the support ! we 're proud to be #qlders
i 'm sorry you feel this way . jeep chrysler strives to be number one in client satisfaction .
so happy to hear about your good experience !
it 's great to hear that you had a favorable experience with the driver of bus 7406 . we will certainly relay this positive info to her !
please contact us if you need specific assistance .
you can also contact us via <E-MAIL> or <NUMBERS> for assistance .
hi <USER> , sorry you feel that way , please contact us so we can fix this .
sorry for the bad experience , we are looking into this
why don 't you try a lexus yourself today at <URL>
<URL> try this , you might like it !
we 're sorry to hear that ! i 'll have my supervisor get in touch with you to see what we can do differently !
you are making me hungry ! ! !
i am sorry that we will be losing you . we will continue to announce updates here <URL>
definitely an amazing album !
someone will contact you shortly . thanks .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
sorry for the inconvenience this may have caused , please call customer service so we can make this right
please send us a message so i can look into this for you .
thank you for the love ! so glad to hear you 're happy with everything . which pieces are you wearing today ? ! :)
thanks for sharing !
check your inbox for more details on the repair .
sorry to hear about your issue , please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
there is help , please dm us
please contact us so we can help with a different route to make your commute more enjoyable <NUMBERS> .
i 'm so sorry to hear the package was delayed . please send us a dm with the tracking info and phone number and we 'll figure out what happened .
thank you ! :) )
we can do that ! just sign up for digital receipts and coupons through your extracare card !
okay , let me try to troubleshoot this for you . what number are you calling from ?
that is an amazing photo ! thank you so much for sharing !
we want to help you out the best we can . pm us your account info so we can help .
lol , sounds like quiete a experiene , shoot us a dm !
your coverage should be back within 10 minutes . i 'm so sorry for your service interruption .
that is must be tough on you . sorry to hear this . if you would like help with compensation let us know <URL>
hey there , <USER> . have you been able to purchase yet ? send us a pm with a screenshot and we 'll let our devs know . thank you !
follow this link for further assistance .
hi <USER> , if you could dm me your email , i 'd be happy to help you troubleshoot .
i would be more than happy to look that up for you
we open new stores often and announce it on facebook .
please send us a dm so we can work something out .
we are constantly working to improve our network !
thanks for the feedback , i will pass it on .
yes , that is correct .
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
sorry about your wait ! are you having any issues with the website ?
we always look to give the shoppers the best price
we 're sorry to hear of your experience , <USER> . please dm your name and repair id number so that we can address this issue for you .
our brand event will be going until 5/6 / 17 .
of course ! here you go : 🍗
so stoked !
ok , please call the croydon store at <NUMBERS> and they should be able help .
oh no ! if you 'd like us to check the status of your part , give us a dm and i 'll see what i can do .
i am sorry about the color issue . if you will dm me the details i will have someone contact you .
these are great ! do you cover a lot of events ?
hi , please send us a dm so we can help you .
sorry to hear that navi , need our help getting the right car ? get in touch :)
please check out this url for more info :
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
please check here for our full blu-ray offerings <URL>
i believe we 're trying for both , but you can sign up for updates at the following address if you haven 't already <URL> .
glad to hear , we like to combine warmth and fashion
i 'm sorry to say that the funds expired . if your sister would like to purchase a new gift card , we would be happy to assist . we recommend that our customers use gift card funds as soon as possible within the 2 year time frame to avoid expiration .
we 've dm 'ed you , thank you .
it 's the taste that counts !
please dm your policy number <USER> and i 'll look into this !
if you check your inbox you can see our reply .
i 'm sorry for the wait ! please send your order number and contact information so that we can better serve you
our new interface can be a learning curve . you should be able to access your photos by clicking the top of the page , on the right drop down . i can help you go through it if you 'd like .
we don 't want to lose you , <USER> ! please dm us so we can figure out why your service isn 't up to par .
our repayment is your satisfaction ! is there anything specific we can do for you today ?
we appreciate the good word . let us know if you have any questions !
sorry for the delay
sorry to hear about that . please send us a dm or email us at <E-MAIL> to get help
dm so we can take a look
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
priority presales are at 9 . all other presales begin at 10am .
501 has been hard to serve this summer . i hope it improves soon .
thank you for reporting the issue . i will pass this along to the proper team .
this isn 't feedback we would like to hear , please send a dm so we can assist you .
let me ask my supervisor just to be sure
thanks so much for the rewteet ! <3
i 'm sorry if you need more options , please dm us or leave a contact number so we can help you , thank you !
thank you for you patronage to our site . unforgettably we cannot make any changes to our ordering system once the order has been put in place . what we can do is put in a request to cancel shipments from the courier .
please don 't open the emails . sorry for your troubles .
here 's one that might catch your fancy !
we would love to help you get compensation please file a case here <URL>
we are so sorry to hear this . please send us a dm and we will help you out immediately .
nice picture . glad to see your enjoying pokémon .
please send us a dm and we can see if we have a better tv in stock to fit your needs .
that 's great ! we hope you enjoyed yourself !
please send us a dm with your order number .
if you look behind the foreign films movie rack you won 't be disappointed !
we appreciate the feedback , i will forward this to our buying team .
we tried to email within 24 hours . 1 piece is what you need for a subtle thickness or length
should be available next week !
glad you got into it . which ones did you get ?
the app is functioning correctly . please email me directly with your account email so i can better assist you .
absolutely . can you please dm us your number ?
we 'd love to have you take a test drive , come see us ;)
gin and champagne are both good but so is moderation , drink plenty of water and stay safe .
can you please tell us more about what happened at <E-MAIL> ?
there are some exhibits throughout the arena . thanks for letting us know - we 'll pass this on , because we 're always interested in improving the experience .
you can dial * 504 # to confirm as we have activated it for you .
thank you for your business
we will meet you at the gate . see you there !
quite possibly a warehouse mixup because we do ship to eu as well . would you like me to send you a replacement and a return label for this one ?
let me look up what activity there has been on your account . could you tell me when this happened and how much the charge was ?
we 're sorry you 're having trouble reaching us . try to call again towards the end of the day when it isn 't as busy . or shoot us a dm !
please provide the order number .
can you please state your mailing address and the tracking information for me please ?
hi , we are very sorry for the lack of communication , please send us a direct message with your order number to be able to assist you further .
glad you enjoy them !
you need to be on the double value or double delight plan to get such bonuses .
fantastic ! enjoy your birthday ,
please refer to this page for assistance .
thank you for your confirmation , we will update this now .
if you want the new one you will get it in the near future
please visit our website and navigate to accessories . select accessories for nexus 5x for a selection of chargers .
we appreciate the support ! `
if you could dm us with the nearest cross street and your zipcode , we 'd be glad to look into the issue for you .
sorry to hear you 're unhappy . please dm me the details so i can help .
we would like to know if you 're still having this problem .
send us a private message with your contact details and we can help .
we are aware of the issue and are working quickly to resolve it .
i am very sorry to hear this , please contact <E-MAIL> so we can make this right !
sorry about that , please dm me the details and i will help however i can .
ok we have the helpdesk on this . they will be contacting you directly ! hang tight .
thank you for your patience as we continue to investigate this issue .
we called the store to make sure that it would be okay to get you
please see all of the information listed here <URL>
so sorry about that ! can you dm us your info and details so we can straighten this out for you ? thanks !
we think so too !
hello , do you notice a difference in sound ? let us know !
sorry , you can find a link to file a lost and found claim below .
that sounds terrible , can you please contact us at <E-MAIL> ?
that 's awesome ! hope you enjoy it .
i 'm so sorry you 're having issues . i can help you with this if you direct messge me your details or you can call the following customer service number ( xxx ) xxx-xxx .
thanks for the purchases - we 're sorry you 're unhappy ! can you dm us with more details ?
please send us a dm with further details about the problem so we can investigate . include your name , email , and store location please . thanks !
thanks for the approval
flat fees are awesome and it 's great for clients and attorneys
follow this link <URL> with detailed instructions . thank you .
the charge is also to ensure the state of the room upon leaving . we thank you for your cooperation .
there must be a glitch , please reboot the device
thanks for the feedback !
i am sorry to hear this . send me a dm at <E-MAIL>
the nyc showroom does have them ! so if you feel like stopping by today , they 'll be there . :)
oh no ! well please dm your email so i can issue you free rentals .
the inventory was updated and we 're adjusting it now .
oh no ! dm me your order number and email and we 'll get you fixed up !
so sorry to hear about that . please dm your number and we will have someone call you tomorrow .
we 're so sorry to hear this , <USER> . send us a dm and we can help you out .
please mail it back and include the original order slip and what you want to exchange it for
can we be of any help ?
i 'm so sorry to hear that ! if you dm @reefhelp , they can get you the help you need .
hey <USER> , that is never any fun ! please dm us information about where and when you purchased your toms , thanks !
it will last for 2 months !
wow that is awesome
we are so sorry to hear that . can you dm us with all your details so we can get this resolved ?
thanks for being such an awesome fan !
contact us via email so we can resolve your issue .
<USER> , we are so sorry , please contact us so we can make this right ! <URL>
wow sorry you 're feeling that way . can you give me more details of what 's going wrong ?
we dont have a release date but we 'll have everything out very soon !
hi there , we are not pleased to hear that your hotel stay isn 't up to par . please contact us as soon as possible with the location that you 're staying at and your reservation number .
great , thanks , we are on it !
hi <USER> ! how can we be of assistance ?
great ! can 't wait .
we are so happy you are happy . enjoy the water and cheers .
we would never ignore you ! we shall get back with you shortly , thanks for the email .
check your inbox for a dm from us .
our team of experts will gladly assist you , please call <NUMBERS> so that we can assist you as soon as possible .
you can learn more about our process here <URL> .
oh no ! thanks for sharing . the marketing team has been notified and will work to have the ad removed
we 're super excited too ! :) )
please dm us the location and we will look into it
it appears we have incident number ( 01890082 6 ) , but that is not what you provided which is why we couldn 't find it . dm us more details and we will get this resolved .
do you need our help ? dm me if you would like me to check on your package !
glad to hear you love it !
yes ! i am !
hello , can you message us your vin so we can check on this for you ?
we are here to help you out !
hi <USER> , thanks for letting us know . we are addressing it right now - thanks !
we are very sorry about that . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
congrats on your wedding , <USER> ! sadly , we don 't have restocking info , but trying chking tom 's retailers @ <URL>
we will pass on your feedback .
😐 😐 😐
i have passed your info along to our billing department , they should be in contact .
we are sorry about that , please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can make it right .
hi there . it usually takes 2-3 weeks from purchase date for delivery .
of course ! we 'll look for your dm .
if you would call customer service we would love to help you with this issue .
sorry to hear that . if we can help you please send us a dm .
the downtown office is known for the non sandwich catering . check out baja fresh , goodwood and pf changs .
please send us your info so we can compensate you .
i am sorry to hear your frustration . we are happy to compensate you . <URL>
our k-cups are the best ! hope you have a great day <USER> !
thank you for the lovely feedback ! she 's awesome , we know .
awesome !
i 'm sorry for the wait , i would happy to look into this for you if you send me your order number .
great ! have a nice time !
i will report it for you .
please dm me your home address and i 'll personally look into it .
i never give up on my dreams and my goals . i won 't limit myself .
i know what you mean , it seems like forever when you are waiting for something . we try to get them to our customers just as soon as we are able .
please check <URL> for compensation information !
i 'm excited to meet you ! ! . i 'll be working !
this is possible on some buses , but most vehicles are automatic . certainly let your driver know if the bus is too hot !
we should be able to help you with the pairing if you could just call out toll free number . thank you .
what was in your order ?
wow , thanks for the shout out !
one ticket will work , make sure to bring it to the event !
you rock and we are so glad you are enjoying your ac .
we love our team too ! thanks for being a true fan !
we are currently experiencing issues with the site at the moment . sorry for the inconvenience .
sorry you have had a bad experience . please reach out to us to see if we can help you .
if you browse our catalog i am sure you can find something you love . <URL>
sorry about this please , dm us so we can figure out the situation .
we look forward to assisting you in the future , and value your input !
we would be most delighted to be able to assist you look into this issue . please send us information about the issue and your email so we may assist you .
yes you can use any of your id cards as long as they it 's a photo id .
can you tell me which location this was so i can assist you further ?
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
i 'm sorry to hear that you have had a disappointing experience , would you please send us a dm so that we can assist you with this ?
if you would contact us with your order number we can help you with your tracking .
so sorry to hear about this issue . send us an email here so we can help <E-MAIL>
thank you for notifying us , our technicians are currently working to resolve the issue .
i will resubmit your request to customer services .
please send a dm so that we can help you .
how do you like our jackets ?
very interesting look
looks like a great time !
please see if there is a update needed .
good luck !
ooops ! we messed up a batch of cards ! we will make it right asap . expect your new biz cards within 7 days . we are issuing a credit for the original order and you will not be charged for the new order ! let us know if you have any questions and thank you for shopping @moo
hey , we suggest calling our cs uk team .
great having you ! see you next week :)
hello <USER> i have just followed , please confirm that you got the notifcation .
we have offers and promotions for current customers as well . send us a dm so we can look into this .
hi we are currently working to restore power to those who are still without . thank you for your patience .
i have to work on saturday . however , if i can get a ride on sunday , i 'll be there .
stop by for a test drive !
<USER> , we are glad you are satisfied !
you are welcome !
i want to let you konw that after 3 attempts the package will go back to the station and stay there for a week . then the package is returned to the shipper .
hi there - to best place this inquiry , please reach out to 1-800- subaru 3 or visit <URL> . thanks , and have a great day !
sorry you 're having problems with your orders , <USER> . please dm us , so we can further assist you !
i will look into that if you can give me a few minutes .
please provide us the information through email ( email ) and we will do best to assist you .
can you provide me with your tracking number ?
awesome !
hi there , sorry to see that it seems you 're having trouble with your lexus dealer . please reach out to us for assistance .
yes , hopefully .
hi , maybe there is something we can find that fits your budget ?
check out this link here and it should help :
we have fixed the issue and your order should work properly now . :)
this is not what we like to hear . please dm us the store address with the city , state , incident details and your phone number and we will escalate your complaint to management .
thank you for asking and yes she 's doing great !
can you dm us your ntel # and exact location for checks ? we 'll see what we can do for you .
in order to assist you as best we can , we need your sprint number , please include the nearest cross street and zip code .
thanks , we are always adding new features . i will pass that along to the developers .
huge traffic accident causing bottleneck .
thanks , we wish you the best !
who is your friend ?
unofruntately we can only offer an annual policy for this user . if you 'd like to speak further feel free to dm me .
there are definitely perks for our platinum card members ! please call a customer service agent to discuss these and more ! <NUMBERS>
please send a dm so we can further assist .
please check <URL> for information about delays .
looks good to me , hope you enjoy !
can you please dm your order number and we 'll do our best to fix your mother 's day if possible
thank you so much for the shout out !
it can be used for anything .
and we enjoy seeing how much you love it ! thanks for the shout out !
i am sorry you are having an issue . let me know what i can do to assist you through a pm .
ok , got your information . dm us your phone number and we will call you immediately .
so sorry to hear about this . we can help if you send us a dm .
i am so sorry for the inconvience , could you please dm me so i can assist you better
i am sorry to hear you had a bad experience . if you give me the details at <URL> we will be happy to follow up .
thank you for letting us know .
hello . i have dm further instructions to you
good call . uber maybe ?
due to api restriction this isn 't an option .
i 'm sorry to hear that . you might want to try a different blend .
hello , we have reached out to the store and it is not available . we can ship it to you if you order from our website .
we should have the new jersays out in early november , but you can also keep updated at <URL> .
once the parcel is returned to the depot and processed we will issue a refund .
that is great ! thanks for sharing !
we have tried to communicate with you to no avail , please share a time where you would be available to talk with you , thank you .
you may withdraw cash at an ecobank atm machine .
we 're so glad that you had a good time !
release date for uk is set at the end of the month .
we will be rolling it out next week !
yes , please .
please contact us at our customer service number to discuss the issue .
okay , hope it works , thanks for your help .
that is a problem . can you please dm us so we can fix it .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
unfortunately , those shoes are out of stock . we aren 't sure when they will be back in but will pass along your interest .
please dm us so we can help you out .
i 'm so sorry to hear that ! what can we do to change that ?
we are sorry to hear that !
do you have aerror message of some kind ? let us know more .
go to website <URL> and check out the different room available
our box office is for walk up purchases , but thanks for the suggestion !
you can also email <E-MAIL> if the phone is not working .
the item will not be sent out because it has been cancelled and a refund issues .
sorry about your frustration . if you could please send us a dm we can assist you .
this is a super popular coat . we put it on sale and it was soon sold out !
hello , please let me know if you happen to have any questions about joining wind :)
aldi food and household products are in stores for a limited time only .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
now comes picking out a car
sorry to hear this ! please message us so we can rectify this issue .
alright , thank you , and what exactly are the gift credits you 're trying to us ?
glad to be of service !
hi <USER> ! thanks for bringing this to our attention . we 've rolled out a fix . please let us know if you encounter any further issues .
there shows a good down and upload speed in your area , we need to troubleshoot your device
hi there . please dm me your contact number , store location , and i can figure out what 's going on for you . thank you .
what school are you graduating from ? dm us , we 'd love to make this happen .
rest assured , we are doing our best to bring you the best . stay tuned !
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
there will be opportunities to get this coming up . follow us for more details .
there are other fish in the pond . other airlines have better service records . cheers .
keep an eye for updates
you can contact us @luchcosmetics and we will be able to look into this further .
unfortunately it is being discontinued .
our pleasure ! cheers !
awesome ! what movie are you getting ?
we 're glad to hear you had such a great experience ! would it be possible to send us a dm with more details ?
thanks for reaching out to us ! the tag should be at the food of the bed . no such thing as a silly question !
have you been able to login to cx social again ? if not , i will help you get back in .
we want to help you . could you please dm us with your number and email associated with your order ?
well it is a hurricane , after all 🤷 ‍ ♀ ️ .
i thought it was pretty silly myself .
it is your decision , but we can ' treally help if its been on the shelves for too long .
yes , black crack is one of our most popular lines . so glad to hear you 're enjoying it .
ga1 is the main standing area , not for the balcony
that 's great to hear , i think you 're going to really enjoy it , especially the lc500 !
we will pass this upon our team to look into .
thanks for your feedback !
fun fun fun
your support is appreciated !
thank you so much ! can you dm us more details so we can be sure to pass on your details to the right people ? thanks again ! :)
you 're very welcome , we are always looking to support communities in need !
an explanation can be found here <URL>
i checked our system and everything seemed to be working , whats the issue
please contact <E-MAIL> to file a complaint .
go away evil bad evil
looks awesome ! have fun !
please reach out to us at 1-800- subaru 3 or <URL> . thank you
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
please contact our customer care center so that we can better assist you with this issue . 1-800- subaru
please dm your order number and i will look it up .
i will forward this to the dev team so that they can get on this asap .
please send me a pm with your account number so i can look into this for you .
ok , please call <NUMBERS> , there is a dealership 15 miles north if that makes you more comfortable .
please email us
we 'll see what we can do for ya !
i will forward this on to the appropriate person .
can you contact us on <NUMBERS> from another device to troubleshoot ?
hey we have spoken to our team leader about this and service and warranty so they should get back to you very soon .
the charge is only $ 0.03 .
our team will be in touch with that location , thank you for letting us know
we appreciate your feedback and will pass it on .
we 're hoping we can see a #superselfie in the near future !
sorry about the awful experience . please give us a call so we can handle it .
they look beautiful !
you should have seen @janez_vermeiren when she saw the mistletoe !
please send a dm with your order number and tracking info .
yes ! you will absolutely have access !
daily mail ( better for burning in the fire pit rather than read )
i apologize . can you provide me with more details so i can look into this ?
please keep checking our site for any offers
i would love to look into this for you . could you please dm me
hi please contact the dealer for assistance .
please contact <E-MAIL> if you would like a refund .
sorry to hear that . send us a dm so we can take a closer look at this for you .
please send us photos of your chair so we can assist you
thank you for your continued support !
please try uninstallng and reinstalling . send a dm if updates are still not appearing .
congratulations , enjoy your new privlege .
i 'm sorry you had a negative experience . if you email us at <E-MAIL> , we 'd be happy to assist !
we really appreciate your support !
aww
<URL> has a list of open stores .
i 'm glad that you like it ;) . don 't forgot to put it on your xmas list !
you will receive info on how to access presale if you are eligible .
sorry your flight was diverted , i hope it wont make you too late when you land .
hello mrs b . please give us a email at <E-MAIL> and we will look into this
we received your email . someone from our customer care team will be contacting you shortly .
please send me a dm so i can help you out with this
was it a good experience or not ? please dm us
hello , i 'm so sorry to hear about what happened ! i can try to fix this for you or get you another promo code .
we love that we can make your monday better !
customer satisfaction is most important to us so we 're sorry to hear this happened , please dm us with more information please .
it depends on what movies you 're ordering . but it can work out to a pretty sweet deal .
we are rooting for him too !
hello , i 'm sorry for the inconvenience . please send me the store location and i will make sure this issue is taken care of .
unfortunately we don 't have this movie available . here 's a link to our upcoming movie offerings .
we love these shoutouts ! <3
what 's in the works ?
watch for an email from us today regarding this .
i am not seeing a time , but let me look into this for you . one moment .
thank you for your patronage i hope you enjoy your new phone .
let me know your country of residence and the msn of the watch through dm and i can help you .
we are so sorry for this inconvenience . could you dm me with more detail ?
we 're sorry to hear this ! please dm or email us at <E-MAIL> so we can take a closer look .
which products did you see ?
glad you enjoyed it !
check out #know16 !
we strive to provide you the best value !
great ! we 'll send the best twitter card we can find .
i 'm sorry for all the troubles . please dm me your name , delivery address , tracking and phone number so i can track this problem down for you .
hello , please tell us what your order number is .
we 've noted your comment , and we 've passed this along so your inquiry can be looked into further !
we 're trying to resolve your issue . please send us a dm .
thank you for that information . i will make sure i pass that information along to my developers so that they can take a look into the issue
sorry for your poor experience .
#poweradepowerscore is awesome !
glad you enjoyed it ! which meal did you get ?
thanks for stopping by !
glad to help
hi <USER> thank you for sharing your experience , glad we could be of service .
sounds like a great night ! enjoy !
thank you , sir .
is it all fixed now ? let us know . if not we will get someone in on the loop to help !
can you contact our tech team on <NUMBERS> for further help ?
sorry , it is a hot item . you can place an order on back-order and it will ship when available ( est . end of the week ) .
great story ! thanks !
hi , @ntelcare will be able to provide you with this information .
<USER> it 's never too early for chicken ;) @kfcaustrailia
we will provide additional data this month to compensate for your troubles !
we are sorry for the inconvenience
i know , there is a lot to cover , we are just getting started ! #powerofprecision
dm me your policy number so i can check .
yes ! it 's safe to eat and put it on the body . thanks for asking !
that sounds exciting !
awesome , it 's done !
i 'm very sorry to hear this . please contact us at your earliest convenience so that we can discuss this manner in more detail .
shoes are such a nice thing :)
we 'd love to give her a first game lanyard . stop by guest services at section 100 . see you soon !
please send us a dm so we can help you out .
hi , a response has been sent , thank you .
welcome to the @windmobile family ! glad to have you !
i can take care of this for you . i just need the order number and the updated address .
we have other options , you can dm us for more instructions .
do you need some help from us today ?
congrats ! ! ! come to guest services at section 100 and we 'll give him a 1st game lanyard ! ! !
did you purchase a new phone instore ?
glad you liked them !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
we will let you know
thank you . could you send us your vin number via dm ?
glad you love it here , we love you too
hello could you please message us the policy number and your information so one of our representatives may assist you ?
thank you for letting us know , i will submit a report and get it taken care of
same to you
someone will be in touch shortly .
dm your account information and we 'll be happy to look into that for you .
can you please provide some details on what happened ?
i can help you with that , please direct message your name and phone number .
we are always trying to improve service for our customers , but if you message us we can take a look at your area and find out what 's going on .
oh my goodness ! can you tell us which store you were visiting ?
absolutely perfect for travel . glad you agree .
great , thank you for choosing us , best of luck on the test .
we 're following up on orders that were unpaid . please dm us your details .
we are excited for you , we hope you love it !
thank you . you 're order has been confirmed and dispatched . have you received the tracking information for it yet ?
i 'm so sorry to hear that . i 'm right here . what can i help you with ?
it 's out of stock .
hi bethany , sorry to hear that the quality was not to your liking . please dm me your information i would like to help you with this issue .
hi . are you newly vegetarian then ? for many veggies , meat will always smell delicious , but a lot will eventually lose that sensation or even actively dislike it .
hello , please follow and dm details so we can reach out and assist you with this matter . thanks !
hi <USER> , can you follow us and dm me your address so i can properly look into this matter ? thank you !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
that is great , <USER> is one of our best , i will let her know that your enjoyed her .
sorry for the confusion .
no we dont have that .
:)
you need to be apart of their fan club .
great , glad everything worked out !
thanks for reaching out to us about your travel plans . call this number and we can assist .
reach out to out local customer support .
oh yeah ! if you got pizza , i got beer .
hi , private message us you address .
you are always welcome to return to sprint .
julie we would like to figure out what has gone wrong , would you please dm me your details so that we can make this right ?
this is jenny , i have contacted that location and gave them the feedback
please let us know what we can do to help ?
we apologize for the bad sevice , we 'll look into it asap
we are here to assist you with any questions you might have about wind
hey there . customer service can be reached at <NUMBERS> and <E-MAIL>
our team is working on it , thanks
these numbers are different for everyone . we will keep you posted !
thank you for bringing that to our attention . i am opening up a complaint in reference to bus 7173 and our customer service department will remedy the problems with the interior
thanks for the positive feedback .
spread the news !
yikes ! glad you are safe .
i 'm sorry for the trouble <USER> , but your dm is still not showing . could you please check to make sure you are sending it to the best buy support handle
it 'll happen again , remember stay woke
thank you for contacting us today . were you able to get your badge at the sprint store ?
hello ! we 'll be happy to send you a replacement piece , just call or chat with customer service ( monday-friday 8am - 5pm ) .
we 'd love to help - please let us know how we can !
you look great . don 't worry about it .
saving money is good
we are always looking for opportunities to expand into untapped markets . stay tuned !
i will be happy to look into this . send me a pm with contact info and details of the incident .
congrats freya ! enjoy the champagne ! ;)
so sorry to hear about your flight ! we can help you get compensation here : <URL>
hello ! out ourlet at egebda is at no . 24 , akowonjo road , egbeda bus stop , egbeda and the prices depends on the data plan you choose , visit our link for more details .
that is beautiful ! what camera make of ours did you use ?
hey <USER> ! really sorry about the problems you 're having , do you any questions we can assist you with ?
we have passed on this information and will make sure our product team is aware .
hope you had a great time ! thanks for visiting !
we agree ! paying more does not mean more quality .
you 're very welcome ! :)
you are very welcome !
you can go to <URL> to try and change the address
what are some of the issues you find most frustrating ?
we love them too ! thanks for your feedback !
i 've responded . hope to hear from you soon .
all over it !
thank you for the support .
great feedback ! we 'll keep that in mind .
sorry to see you go , <USER> . is there anything we can do to change your mind ?
we believe so . is there a specific afety concern you have
yes there are two . can i provide you with their addresses ?
very good looking outfit
hi it seems like you 've had a rough start today , however , we can provide some perks ! ! just dm us for more details !
i 'd be happy to help . just send a dm with your account number
can you give us the location of the dealership and we will look into securing a free of charge rental for you .
this item hasn 't shipped yet , we will send tracking once it 's shipped .
i 'm sorry . let us help you by going here and filling out the information <URL> we will be in contact .
that 's great !
please send us a dm and we 'll help you out .
can you send us your tracking number and we will let you know when to expect them ?
congratulations !
yes they are , but it will be new and improved later this week .
use the following link for further assistance
beautiful ! thanks for sharing .
you can go ahead and keep it kindly
you 're so welcome !
sorry to hear you 're still unhappy . what can i do to help ?
so happy to assist you in this matter , please reach out to us at this number
we are sorry for that , please send me your email address so i can look into this for you .
i am sorry that you are having an issue , what is going on ?
thanks . i have had them and they really are good . the normal price will be about $ 2.00
can you dm us as soon as possible and we can help arrange this ?
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
send us an <E-MAIL> so that we can look into this in more detail with you .
now comes the fun part , choosing a car
canadians may apply . you may need to pay your bill in usd to find what you are looking for .
what 's up , how can we help you ?
that 's great to hear ! i hope you treated yourself to our goodies during the visit :)
great ! glad everything is on time .
glad we can help . have a great day !
it would be best to get in the dealership directly . please don ; lt hesitate to contact us if your issue remains unresolved .
yes ! yes ! yes ! <URL>
please dm me with all your contact information and operating system and we will be happy to help you .
i 'm really sorry you 've had a negative experience with the product . if you dm me , i 'll see if there 's anything i can do to make up for it .
where did you originally place this booking please ?
contact us so we can get you compensation for your troubles .
well what are you waiting for ?
let me see what i can do . i 'll get you fixed up as soon as possible !
i will have to look up the information . i will get back to you asap !
hey georgia , i 'm sorry we have had a problem with communication , we just sent you a reply to your email .
we 're sorry about that ! unfortunately , we do not offer price matching .
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
you can send me your information in dm and i can look into this for you .
eat up or chow down .
of course ! i 'm happy to assist you in obtaining your refund !
your mom will really like your gift . it really is the thought that counts
you 're welcome anytime . thanks for contacting us !
thank you for this info . we have forwarded it to our team to resolve your issue that you are having .
hello ashley i 'm glad you had a pleasant storks variance i can pass this on to the appropriate department can you please message us your email thank you so much
we are aware of the problem and working to get it fixed .
can you dm us how much was deducted
<USER> i 'm sorry this wasn 't resolved to your satisfaction . can you please send us a dm so that we can look into this ?
hello , i am sorry you are disappointed with us . please provide information as to our failure and we weill do anything we can to make it up to you .
so sorry for your problems . please send my your contact info so i can help . thanks
sorry for the issues with your account . they are being addressed . thanks
please tweet our customer service team @tmiecs . they 'll gladly help .
i 'll pass that on . our agents love hearing from satisfied customers .
rt <USER> : repeat customers , increased sales , higher demand , positive reviews . #printchat
it is your money you can do as you wish and goodluck
please let us know what time the bus passed you so we can investigate . the bus is equipped with gps so we can check .
at #lexus we strive to ensure every experience is the best . would you please dm us so that we can figure out what is going on with your res + ?
we would be happy to look into this . if you can message us your order number please .
glad you are having such a good time ! great stuff !
let me get some information from you first .
ouch , that 's no good ! please send us a dm with the store location and your email so we can make it right .
please dm us with some details so we can help .
we 're so sorry . please reach customer service at <NUMBERS> and request the customer advocate team and we 'll sort this out for you .
we 're so sorry to hear this ! can you please dm us so we can help you ?
i would like to know who this driver was . where on the m3 was this and what time ?
no we do not have a universal policy regarding the google nexus 5x : lgh 791 bootloop issue
hi <USER> , sorry for the inconvenience . we had to perform a controlled natural gas release in west la . stopped at 11:30 pm .
we apologize for the delay . if you will dm us your repair id and phone number , someone will look into this and contact you asap .
you are very welcome , thanks for contacting us !
please send a dm and we can work this out !
we understand . here 's a link to the twitter account for lg india .
call us at <NUMBERS> so that we can check your bill .
check out or contact @vmbusinesshelp where they have the answers you need .
you 're pretty amazing too :)
we will get back to our members shortly ! #qassist #wgscrimmage
i am sorry for this and would like for you to give me more information on this situation through dm .
can you send us your flight details through dm ?
aint that the truth !
looking like a boss !
please dm your order number and i 'll check it out for you .
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
looking is free !
yes that is entirely possible !
sorry for the inconvenience ! atleast you get the quarter back .
i am very sorry for the inconvenience , please send me your information so that i can get a service worker scheduled .
lol , thank you for pointing out our error ! we will fix it asap .
oops , looking forward to it soon ! :)
if you let me know your order number , i can go ahead and cancel it for you .
i 'm sorry . please email us at <E-MAIL> so that we can fix the issue .
<USER> , we tend to do a lot of watching too ! hope you are enjoying the streams !
our warranty for the sandals is 6 months . follow this <URL> and it will be able to help .
this is concerning ! please send a dm so we can look into this issue further for you .
we have had some technical difficulties but they have been fixed ! sorry about that .
once you get your first bill and set up direct debit , please call <NUMBERS> and you can set up monthly payments .
if you 're located in japan , search " aukey " here : <URL> . or you can send us your email and our staff in japan will contact you .
we were more than happy to make the race a winning one for you ! thanks for sharing .
it appears you are in queue to be helped . i apologize for the delay .
so sorry about the wait you are experiencing . i are going northbound ? unfortunately the 193 doesn 't make any stops until the dundas station . unfortunately right now there is quite a gap going northbound . i will report this for you .
which route are you referring to
i am sorry to hear this . please contact customer service at <URL> for more information about our double guarantee policy .
stick to the information in the owner 's manual .
glad you are enjoying it !
it ; s probably just a cold , no need to worry !
we 're sorry to hear this . we will help you get compensated immediately .
we do not currently have any rebates available , but thank you for contacting us .
we can escalate this to customer service after you give me your order number .
we are so grateful too !
simply his the large red ' cancel ' button . the one that says ' cancel ' . hope that helps !
we do stand by our product , but standard protocol is to require proof of purchase before providing credit .
hi <USER> , it will come around in no time ! best of luck in your preparation , let us know how it all goes !
you 're welcome we hope you use us again .
thanks so much , <USER> , we 're delighted you like them .
so sorry to hear about this disappointment , please dm for further assistance .
sorry to hear that . we look forward to serving you again .
we do not accept gift cards currently
sorry to hear . what can i do to make it easier on you ?
check out a few new shows , we won 't judge !
@vmbusinesshelp will be able to give you an update .
i hope you were able to get some great finds .
the delay was cause by a car stuck on the tracks not struck by a train . thank you .
i apologize for this and we are so grateful for you remaining patient .
good job on your first tweet and thanks for your support ! ! !
thank you <USER> appreciate the kind words
thank you for your loyal support ! please check <URL> later this week !
merry christmas too , but what is it ?
hello <USER> ! it can tow up to 3,000 kg braked and has a gvcm of 5700 kg ! have fun and drive safe !
we 're sorry you 're dissatisfied ! can you dm with more info ? thanks !
definitely protect your information !
we can 't wait to tell you ! but for now , it 's a surprise !
hello here we will be able to send you a message right away . be on the lookout in 10 minutes .
we usually book a year in advance but not sooner
wonderful
unfortunately , we only offer the single cut at this time .
oh no ! we are sorry to hear that . can you provide more details about your stay ?
you can contact us through our email and we will get back with you as soon as possible .
that is a great quote . so inspiring .
you can either message me your phone number , call <NUMBERS> or go through your online banking service .
i don 't know if that would work the way you hope , but thanks for the colorful detail .
definitely , just bring in your receipt
we 're so sorry you had such a rough experience . hopefully our associates can assist you very soon !
thanks for the shout out .
this is something that just happens with usual wear , you can read about our warranty at <URL> .
<USER> let me look into this for you , dm me your 16 digit starbucks number card please ?
we 're sorry to hear that . we are doing our best to get you on your way
what is going on that i can assist you with ?
sending videos to <URL> now :) had some minor wifi issues , but all okay now .
hey there . can you tell us a little bit more about where you 're at /
we are sorry to hear this . please send a dm so we can make it right !
kindly send us your contact info , and we will send you a free sample pack !
thank you much for bringing this information to us , we will do better next sale , thanks for the feedback .
i hate to hear this has made you so unhappy . let me know your order number and i 'll see what i can do .
you are on the double delight call plan currently .
hi , is there something i can assist you with ?
is there any differences in the codes such as capitalization or added spaces ? please double check that your codes match .
can you verify which exact items are incorrect so we can proceed ?
it looks great and we are happy you like it !
please just folow the instructions below .
what a relief . glad you are happy .
here 's a link to our schedule !
hello <USER> , can you please contact member services at <NUMBERS> , we would like to help you .
hi <USER> sorry to hear this . would you mind sending me your order number through email <E-MAIL> so i can look into this
you are very welcome !
sorry to hear you feel this way . please dm us more information so we can change your perspective .
i 'm sorry , i thought you said that you are now able to browse . can you please confirm that it is now working ?
beautiful photo .
thanks for the details ! we 're looking into your issue now .
we are very sorry , we can help you receive compensation .
sounds great .
thanks for reaching out ! dm me your info and id be happy to help you
please message me so we can fix this problem immediately .
what issues are you having ?
please dm your membership number and i will assist you .
please dm us . maybe we can help ;)
can you please e-mail us some more details ?
i definitely want to work with you on this . please send us a dm , so that we can further assist you .
which bundle are you talking about ?
it 's always great to hear about good experiences with our employees !
you did and we 're so excited !
great choice ! you will surely enjoy it , <USER> . our dm is open for support 24/7 !
we can be reached at <NUMBERS> and <E-MAIL> . look forward to hearing from you !
prices change often , please check back
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
oh no , not sure what happened , can you tell us ?
what 's the order number ? i 'll look into it
sorry for the misunderstanding
i 'm sorry that store is one of our busiest but if you would like we can issue rain checks for anything we were out of stock in at the time of sale .
hi , there are 14 stations coming in and north of bloor more stations coming this year !
thank you so much for the love . i would actually be thrilled to do that !
please send a dm with your contact info and the store and we can further help you .
unfortunately it is no longer available , we apologize .
thank you so much for the kudos !
w 'ere sorry to hear that . please e-mail <E-MAIL> for further assistance .
sorry to hear about this . please contact us by email and we will see what we can do to help .
send us your order by dm so we can check where your order is !
i 'm sorry to hear about your issue--thank you for letting us know that you miss the tigo tribe .
nothing currently planned but be sure and follow @cavs for any announcements on public trophy viewings .
thanks so much for your awesome feedback . can you send me a dm so i can look more into it >
the chikuhodo z1 brush is amazing !
yes , we did - and we love it ! thanks !
its super exciting and the 10 days will be worth it !
please let us know the rest of the details .
is there anything i can help you with today ?
we 'll answer your call as soon as possible sorry .
so sorry you had to deal with this . let us do something to make it better . go to this <URL> and we will do our best .
we are glad that you are happy with the xtek and would like to further assist you . you can reach us here <URL> or 1-800- subaru
more of a rule breaker :)
we love you too !
hey , thank you !
can you dm us your exact address and we can get to the bottom of this for you .
what truck was it
we are very upset to hear you did not receive the service you expected . can you tell me what day and time you visited us at this location ?
love to hear it !
the physical damage in your device is not covered under warranty . we can help you with repair but you have to pay for it .
we have a page for this specifically , @iwcare . a member of that team will be right along to assist you .
hi <USER> , very sorry to hear this . how can i help you today ?
we would never want your vehicle to not meet your expectations . please call <NUMBERS> to speak to our customer care specialists .
if you mail that back to us with your receipt we will be happy to exchange or refund your purchase .
thanks for the shout out girl !
i have done so just now , please confirm when you see me .
we are working on restoring service now .
we want to compensate you for the inconvenience .
that you for that . we work day and night to ensure that we have the best tasting coffee in america
thank you for the love !
send us the details at <URL> and we 'll definitely look more into your experience . really sorry to hear you had such a bad experience .
we are so glad too . thanks for your loyalty and patience at this trying time .
thanks for stopping by ! come back again
hi , please call us to report this .
i can make sure you get it by then , and congratulations btw
please dm me you order information and i will look into this for you
thanks ! we 're glad you enjoyed it :)
please reach us at our customer service email at <E-MAIL>
we are happy to see you happy
we don 't have this info but we can get you spare parts .
i understand that that policy is disappointing to you . if you would like i can forward your feedback to management . we are always interested in hearing our customers ' valuable feedback !
they need to contact our programme team .
thanks ! you guys are the best !
there are steps to fully authenticate the transaction . we are sorry for the many steps - but it is to ensure the security of our customers ' information .
boldness be our motto .
customer service at <NUMBERS> can help you out .
ha . i 've decided to just go with a sports bra every day to keep everything in place !
right on <USER> that 's the spirit !
contact us via email so that we can resolve your issue .
no , it 's from ' seven brides for seven brothers ' . 🤗
we 're sorry to hear about your poor experience , can we help get you compensation ? dm us
thanks for the compliment .
that interior is looking fine
which keyboard did you use when you sent an sms to 31118 ?
kindly contact or customer care .
i have checked for you marie and it appears the store does have a brow bar .
i 'm so sorry that this has happened to you . is there anything i can do to help ?
oh no ! how can we improve it ?
we 're so sorry about that ! operators should be professional at all times !
please send me a dm and i 'll look into this for you .
let 's gooo !
great ! i apologize for the confusion . let us know if anything else comes up !
please contact us so we can fix this issue asap
we 're glad to make you happy ! enjoy !
oh wow same here
i 'm sorry to hear about this delay . i would love to assist you in working through your displeasure .
no problem !
thanks for the shoutout ! <3
yes , you 'll need to reapply though . give us a dm and we 'll help you out
we miss you too ! :)
thanks for the shout out !
i would be happy to look into this for you . can you please send a dm so i can get started ?
there will be buses there shortly
it takes at least 7 to 14 business days for a response , however if you dm your name and the last four of your social i should be able to check on it for you .
please dm us so we can resolve the issue .
we will follow up with you shortly . so sorry for the inconvience .
sorry to hear that . please dm me your account details .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to offer you some compensation for your hassles .
that sounds delicious .
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
we thought you loved your coupe ! what happened ?
that is great to hear !
a reply was sent to your dm , if you 'd please check it and let us know if you need anything else . thank you .
we are glad you appreciate them !
if you can dm us we 'd be glad to help out .
indeed we do !
it will be there in 9 minutes . sorry for the wait !
thank you for bringing this to our attention .
have you tried resetting your modem ?
thank you for sharing go to <URL> for more infor to make your experience even better .
bummer ! we 'll set this straight . send me a dm with your email and i 'll send a replacement code for you !
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
we agree ! thanks for the feedback ! :)
hope you 're enjoying it !
we 're sorry to hear that . if you change your mind , we 're here !
please contact customer service for further evaluation .
this is great
i would be happy to help you if you can send me a dm with more account details .
thanks !
it could be the bluetooth software , have you tried it on a different device ?
please dm me your information and i will look into it for you .
i am sorry but why do you scrap your foot ? is it made out of metal ?
game information , including tip off time can always be found at <URL> , thanks for reaching out !
you can find our service centers here <URL> .
thanks for supporting us ! #aus #rio2016
pm me your order number please and i will check .
sure , please let the admin know your phone number to register with .
we 're excited too , can 't wait to see what everyone produces !
can you tell me more info about the settings ?
hi <USER> we are sorry to read you 're disappointed in our software updates .
i can help you with that . dm me your logmein id and i can review your account . thank you .
i am sorry to hear this . if you send me a dm i will be happy to assist !
hi , we are the distributor for us lexus vehicles but you can locate the team that you need here :
thanks for the support . <URL>
it looks like it should be delivered tomorrow !
sorry you had a bad experience . please dm or email <E-MAIL> for assistance .
id be more than happy to help you . just dm me your info and we can get started .
if you have more questions after verifying your warranty info call customer service back .
hi <USER> i have sent you some additional suggestions
we can look into this , please contact us or dm us
we are so happy to hear you 're happy .
i 'm glad to hear that . we are happy to sponsor the event .
yes i have got your message and am arranging for someone to get in touch with you by the end of the day .
we will always work to make sure things are right !
we apologize for the delay , please reach out to us by dm and we will be in touch shortly .
thanks for asking ! we 'll verify with the team and let you know just in case :)
try the butterball next time !
thank you for sharing your positive experience ! #lexuslove
hi there , tech support is investigating ( ref id <NUMBERS> ) and will be contacting you soon . thanks .
good morning ! click the link to learn more about the njt bike policy <URL>
hello we would love to assist you could you please clarify what exposure you are referring to thank you
our mens currently go up to 12 but we pass along the feedback .
i can hear you cheering us on ! thank you for the support !
hi , how can i help you this afternoon .
thanks for the order . how many would you like . thanks
watch bands have not been released yet in canada , but they are scheduled to launch very soon .
we 're loving it !
kids are awesome . they sure are clumsy , dm me your email and i will see what i can do for you !
please let me look into this for you , no profanity needed
sorry for the bad experience . send us a dm so that we can fix this .
hello , there was a bracelet that the security guard on friday found , can you describe it in detail for me ?
we 'd love to help you ! what can we do ?
thank you for your feedback , we are currently working to get this resolved .
hey there . this is very concerning to us . shoot me a dm so i can look into it .
contact us at that adress so we can help you
sorry for the delay .
hi i can help you . just dm your name & address and we will work it out .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
as soon as we can .
what can we say , we love what we do :)
thanks for that . that makes us feel great !
please contact us with further information .
we will do our best to get it back to normal !
we are so sorry for the delay in responding . please send account details in a dm and we 'll check your status and respond right away . thank you .
glad to hear it !
thank you !
thanks for being on our team !
we appreciate your feedback . i will pass it along @theqarena team
thank you !
we enjoyed your visit . thank you for stopping by
i have created a report about your experience . please check your messages for reference . thanks
hey <USER> , please check out <URL> for step by step instructions
please send a picture to our email so we can further assist you
have you tried " reconfigure b / berry " ?
hello ! very sorry for the delay . is this regarding the address mix-up ? please send us a dm and we 'll get this ironed out .
sometimes ! come by and see for yourself .
look for them to be released next monday , do you have a specific player in mind ?
great i should be able to get back to you with some answers shortly .
that is not good news , please contact us so we can help you further
yes ! are you interested in a sneak peek of the new services ? ?
we 'd love to try and help , give us a chance ?
beauty isnt she ?
no that was a mistake , i apoligizethat
hello , can you dm us so we can help you further ?
please dm us as it will be the faster option
we 'd like to investigate - please send us your tracking # and name !
we couldn 't do it without our awesome fans .
this is golden ! thanks
that 's great ! hope you have a fun time !
that 's not bad ! our kid was getting red cards when we started out .
please message me the order number so i can take a look .
thanks for the compliment ! join our coffee club online for an instant free free drink !
i sincerely apologize for this . contact us at <URL> so that we can make it right !
#motivation
this sounds really exciting !
you can watch us live at <URL>
maybe your order was not scanned for delivery .
you 'll be able to upgrade to the next generation device once you are upgrade eligible
have you tried clearing your browser cache and restarting your computer ?
i 'm so sorry to hear this , we will give you a full refund for the ticket .
sorry to hear you are having issues with our service . please dm us your order number and we can assist further .
yikes , we 're sorry about that . can you pm us more details ?
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
hello , can you let us know when and where this happened please ?
oh no ! please dm me so we can address this issue .
sorry but we hope you can enjoy our other products . please check them out . thanks .
preach it sister !
that looks delicious ! glad you liked it .
can you provide us with your flight number please ?
oh no ! we 're sorry to hear this . send us a dm with your order number and we 'd be happy to help you .
hi <USER> , if you could dm me your ntel number , i 'd be happy to look into that for you .
i 'm sorry for your loss ! send me a dm with more information and i would be happy to see what i can do !
thanks for the suggestions ! we will let our estate team know .
we are going to try to restock them asap !
sorry to hear that someone did that to you . can you dm me so i can get this corrected for you .
please send your contact information to <E-MAIL> referring to this post .
hello ! yes this is the compound sticker . the date is shown as within its use by date so i am a little concerned to hear it is smelling funny . do you live near a lush store ? if so you can take it there for an exchange
the issue has been resolved but feel free to contact us by dm if you are experiencing issues still
sure just dm us your email or telephone .
thanks for bringing this to our attention . i will pass this on .
what else does he need ?
we will pass this information along to the store team .
we are so sorry , please provide you email so we can send you one , happy belated birthday also . 🎉
please send us a dm with your location details .
i apologize for this inconvenience . please message your name , delivery address , tracking & phone numbers so i can help you resolve this issue .
have you checked the wiring on top of the vehicle , something the antenna is obstructed
we are working on the issue and will update as soon as possible .
thanks so much for writing to us . send us a dm of your info .
my apologies . thanks for calling us with the problem so i can look into that .
thank you for the great review ! !
thanks <USER> ! the picture looks fantastic .
we 've let dani know , she is so happy ! thanks so much for your patience and feedback :)
the spacing of the route is off .
we are so glad to hear ! we had a grand time !
we love our customers like you ! thanks for letting us know of your satisfaction .
i spy ! great photo . have a great day .
so sorry to hear this . never fun to be stuck in traffic , we had signal issues this evening , our apologies that you got into it . hope you have a smooth ride tomorrow !
if you are having problems maybe i can help you . thanks
yes , that is true !
glad you had a good time !
most welcome ! tweet us your great pics !
the grand opening will be the 18th !
we understand that this is a difficult situation . we want to help you out . send us a dm so we can assist you further .
<USER> , could you please provide me with your customer number so i can order this for you ?
i 'm sorry let me look into it right now
you are so welcome !
you can contact us at <E-MAIL>
we 'd like to compensate you for delaying your time . what is the next trip you are taking and we will make it complimentary .
let me check for you .
sadly , we don 't offer these in our package - you 'd have to get them from an independent source .
love when we hear that our customers are happy !
i am truly sorry for this . please dm us so we can look into this issue for you
dm your registration info so that we can pass on your feedback .
kick their butt ! thanks for the support #uptheblues
hi <USER> , please send me a dm with your order number so i can help ... thanks !
hello , i 'm sorry you 're experiencing this frustration . please dm so that we can escalated the request and get it resolved for you .
we 're so glad you had fun !
so glad to hear you are happy !
how are you doing ?
we will need you to follow us so that we will be able to dm your update on the situation .
call our tech support department directly for assistance .
this is not currently in our services , but thanks for the feedback !
they 're amazing !
thanks for reaching out and for that compliment !
as long as you 're posting forwards from grandma , i think you 'll be ok ! lol
thanks and great to hear from you . cheers
i want to help you . please dm me a phone number , pick up address , and confirmation number so i can look into it .
good luck !
please dm me the show type and size , i will improve your experience .
irish water is rolling out meter installation and we 'll let you know if your home will be selected in the future .
please dm us with more information on the problem and we will take care of it .
sorry to hear about your experience . it is less than ideal . please sm us for further assistance .
hi <USER> , all orders placed before 3/24 have been cancelled . please visit <URL> for a refund . sorry for the inconvenience .
you can call the number provided here , xxx , and they will be able to help you .
oh no ! please give us more details about this situation
we are sorry to hear this . please dm us and we will see what we can do to help !
we are always striving to improve our service . if you have specific suggestions or requests you can send an email to <E-MAIL> .
congratulations ! would you care to learn more about insurance ?
we 've received your dm . expect a follow-up shortly .
hello , we 're doing our best to follow up so we can get you the best resolution to this issue .
i 'll have our team look into this . can you send me a dm with your email address and the details form the pop-up alert as you recall them ?
it sounds like you should stop in for a test drive . set one up today <URL>
we want to help you for your trouble . visit <URL> to see if you are eligible for compensation .
if you would dm me with details i will see what i can do to help you .
hi eliza , can you send me a dm of your order number and billing address ? i can help !
we have worked on your phone , please restart your phone and try again .
thanks for giving us a shoutout , moo is wonderful
we are so sorry about this , send us a dm with your repair id number and we will look into this .
we just tweeted ! here 's the link <URL>
sure , i will find out the status on the contactless card and get back to you .
sorry to hear that , we will look into the issue .
we 'd love to help , but maybe you should go and ask for yourself .
contact <E-MAIL> with confirmation number and we can provide you with more info
we really needed to get out mobile site better for you so we had to drop it to focus all our energy here .
so glad to hear that !
yes . the monthly smartphone plan is unlimited .
sorry for the inconvenience there are weather delays . thanks for your patience
we are so sorry to hear that ! can you give me more details of what you are experiencing ?
i 've reached out to a customer service rep who will help rectify this situation . you 'll hear from them within 48 hours . sorry again for your troubles !
hello , we 're sorry about continuing issues with service and coverage . rest assured that we are working round the clock to get all towers back up and running .
email us at ( email )
thank you for letting us know and sorry about the problems . can you tell us about it so we can correct it . you can do that at <URL>
please send me a dm with your order info so i can check into this .
that 's amazing . great job .
we did made an announcement , sorry you did not get it
hi , can you tell me what issues you are experiencing ?
it was closed friday for the holiday but is open again on monday
sorry i 'm afraid it 's alread ysold out .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
i 'm very sorry this happened ! i don 't see a service interruption but i know that this can happen when there is too much traffic around . we 're working on a fix for this .
glad you love ' em !
that 's strange . we 'll look into this for you . can you dm us your name , address , and contact number ? thanks !
we have nothing to report at the moment .
please contact the specific hotel where you want to stay .
thanks ! happy to hear it !
thank you , i will respond to you asap .
hello , if you dm your order number i will be happy to look into this for you .
we are currently looking into this issue for you and will get back to you shortly .
you must be having fun shopping
we will pass your feedback on to the appropriate department .
i apologize for the inconvenience . you are correct that there are too many people on that route .
okay , we have set a reset command to the data center . please restart the phone and let us know how it goes .
we would love to help her celebrate her birthday , would you mind stopping by customer service at section 100
that is the question we all want an answer to
enjoy the traffic free highway !
riverline will run as scheduled .
always nice to know our customers are happy .
we have full package details listed on our website , or you can give us a call at <NUMBERS> and a representative can help you find one that you 're looking for !
try calling us , and we 'll resolve the situation <NUMBERS>
yes it will !
check it out in our website
i 'll find out from our colleagues at @vmbusinesshelp to figure it out .
we thank you for your suggestions on the statues .
as soon as mifi becomes available , you will be notified
we are here . whatever we can do to help her . please let us know !
please contact wyndham rewards directly for further assistance at 1.866.996.7937
do you happen to how long the delays have been occuring ? it may need to be cleared in order to work properly .
is there a problem here ?
please provide us with your details for further assistance .
use our app for best results on a mobile device . dm us with more on your issues if problems persist .
hope everything worked out !
it 's printed on there just look again
thanks for the feedback . we are always working to update our products !
thank you . this really affects us all . hopefully something will be done before its too late .
thank you for the feedback .
our r & d appointment will know about it as soon as possible . thank-you .
send me a dm with your contact info and we will further assist .
that 's strange . we have nothing to do with water heaters . please check out <URL> for your safety .
please let them know and see what they can do .
oh no , <USER> . we are so sorry . please email your phone number to <E-MAIL> .
we love to hear that ! we appreciate your kind words .
lol - sounds like a collector 's item to us !
what seems to be the problem exactly ? is it a password ? have you tried the forgot password link ?
we are sending over a vehicle to pick you up now .
is this your first experience with the amazingness of the lush bath bar ?
so glad we could help you .
this is unacceptable please provide us with the drivers license plate number and we will discuss this with them .
that looks yummy !
thanks for the positive feedback .
it depends on your usage . i can check on it if you dm me your number .
mobile orders should , send me a dm with the details of the order and email address .
we appreciate your feedback and have passed it on to out team for consideration .
glad you enjoyed your morning with our coffee !
we are glad you are happy , dm me more info to claim your free vintage shirt !
you will receive a notification on the same
surely . please contact us at <URL> and leave reviews in the comment box . thank you for your input !
love these ! love how it pops out at you , almost like you can touch the yarn <3
we have sent the reference number and you should have gotten it
if you tweet @tmiecs our customer service team will be happy to help you !
that 's correct :)
thanks for contacting me with your concern . according to the security measures we have in place , it is safer to actually speak with the subscriber . also , we can handle cancellations through emails , as well . i hope that answers your question !
it 's a new browser that integrates with facebook . you can get an invite by going to rockmelt . com - it 's very similar to google chrome .
if you need any help give us a shout !
glad you like them . great to hear . cheers
can you please give us more information ? shoot us a dm .
i 'll check into this right now and let you know what i find out .
dm us and we will provide a speedy refund
we are sorry for the inconvenience . if you don 't mind sending a dm , we would be happy to help fix the problem .
we apologize for the inconvenience would be happy to assist you please contact us at 1843367 24 extension number 248 and you will be connected with the manager and he will be able to assist you thank you
think that is a wonderful idea . go out and enjoy !
can you dm us with details and a screenshot
i can use your email .
thanks for your input . we will pass along your info to our specialists . they will be in touch with you shortly .
i 'll check into it and let you know asap !
hey thanks for the feedback , we just made a small tweak to simplify the network display to ‘ home ' and ‘ away '
we 'd be happy to get you some compensation for your troubles ! please dm us your contact info .
unfortunately you will need to have a clip in order to register . thanks for contacting us .
we apologize for the inconvenience . please dm or send us an email so we can help with this .
if you email <E-MAIL> , we will be able to start the process .
please send a dm so i can look into this for you .
we are available 24/7 at <NUMBERS> and can help you activate .
if you follow us on twitter we will be announcing that .
thanks for letting us know ! we love to make our customers happy !
i 'm so sorry about bella .
if you can dm me a screenshot of that form i will send it to the right department for you .
we don 't at this time but in the near future we may , please keep in touch .
i am glad you 're enjoying the products .
this should not be happening , please dm your id so i can look into this problem
sorry to hear that if you call our customer service department someone can better assist you
sometimes styles have to discontinued . hopefully there is another product you like .
thank you . i will look into this and reply shortly .
we shall contact the station manager about this situation .
have you contacted customer care about the issue ? let me know if you need the number .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
we think you needed them like yesterday .
that is wonderful news !
i am sorry to hear this . if you send me a dm i will be happy to look into this .
these will be available late september .
we were having delays earlier . what stop are you waiting at ?
our system returns the best available options from remaining tickets . which venue were you hoping to attend ?
hello , we also sell our loaves at asda , sainsburys and more .
send your shipping address via email and i will find a solution for you .
at this time it doesn 't appear there is a midnight release , but stay tuned we will update
i added the event to my planner ! hope to see you there !
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
we 're very sorry to hear this <USER> . if you could dm us with more information , your contact and vehicle details we can assist you asap !
what is the store name you prefer to use ?
we 're so sorry to hear about this ! can you please dm us more details , and your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help !
i apologize for the inconvenience . unfortunately , i am still unable to track this on the system . could i please ask you to send this to us again ?
congratulate on the blessing !
hello ! there 's no premium lounges in sfo . what kind of amex card are you traveling with ?
there are many events in toronto every weekend , impossible to avoid .
please clarify what has happened , i want to assist you and make this better .
i would like to help you with the issue please dm me with the problem you are having .
what is the expiration date on the package ?
it won 't be long , denim is coming . cheers
yes , that does include it .
hi , i am very disappointed to hear about your experience . let me connect you to our customer service agent .
we are working hard to roll it out to all devices as quickly as we can .
thank you , please patch me through .
dial * 500 # and choose option 4 to activate sm pack which will give you access to media apps .
you can find more information here <URL> .
you can complete a survey about your satisfaction here <URL>
i apologize for the inconvenience . please dm us your contact info so the right dept . can handle this further and find you some compensation .
thanks for sharing with us .
you 're so welcome ! always a good time :)
we want to help you get compensation for your flight .
we are being told by noon today it will be fixed .
thank you for sharing this with us <USER> !
check out this link - <URL> .
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
okay , i will look into the delay right now while you 're on the phone and let you know what the issue is .
glad you had a good experience
i understand the feeling !
you can connect with us at <NUMBERS>
i will be happy to pass on your feedback .
we only want your satisfaction and are working on resolving this shortly for you .
reset and see , otherwise you will need to go to your local service center .
i am so excited about the new logos . tune in to @cavs . it will update you latter this month on it .
this model number appears to be elsewhere . can you tell me more about this purchase
glad we worked it out , before i let you go can i help with anything else ?
sorry to hear that , if you want some updates , please dm me your details .
we 'd love to help you ! whats your price range ?
love to hear positivity like this . good luck !
we had replied in a dm .
what 's the issue when you purchase your item online
yes ! right there with you .
i 'm sorry to hear you 're unhappy . please bring the item back to the store and we will help you .
please check here for any of our updates <URL>
hello <USER> those are the natural canvas classics that were written by our team , they are not for sale but you can purchase the natural canvas classics and styles like we did .
hello , just ask when you visit the store .
so glad it worked !
can you give me your name ?
check your dm .
if you would dm me i would like to get more information from you about your experience .
can you please elaborate on what happened ?
it occurs at times due to automatic settings .
thank you for the input . we will work on it !
we must of forgot , we will fix this right away .
thanks for the info . just so you know you are in wind away zones and that means flat rates of 15 cents per minute , 5 cents per text , and 5 cents per mb .
we wonder the same thing sometimes .
let me know if everything goes ok . or if you need any other help !
we are safely releasing natural gas .
thanks for your feedback . if you need anything else , please message us .
i know how you feel . :(
absolutely :) their blush is my fave because it 's the only one i can find that doesn 't give me breakouts !
you 'd receive it in february .
we 're sorry about this . please send a dm with more details , please .
hey can you dm us , and we 'll contact the store ?
this charge some not seem right even sees too high if it wasnt returned , please dm me the details
oh no ! sorry to hear how your morning started . can you contact us at 1.866.996.7937 so that we can further assist ?
thanks for the feedback .
i 'm sorry to hear that . what 's the issue that you are having ?
a good bath bomb is relaxing . cheers .
it appears there is already a report to check on your connection . you can find details in your inbox .
thank you for the support , hoping to bring the gold home !
yes , it is the same process .
hey control electricity & natural gas . we supply natural gas and can 't comment on hydro .
i 'm sorry . please let me know what is going on and i 'll get to the bottom of it .
we agree .
yes , they will . i 'm happy to hear that satisfies you !
its on its way
we look forward to having you join the sprint family ! you can sign up to be updated on pricing and other news by checking out https://insider.sprint.com/
we apologize . you should have gotten a separate response from us today .
can you provide me your information so i can check up on it ?
please let us know your account information so we can look into this matter . sorry for the inconvenience , we have credited your account for your troubles .
we currently have no restocking info on those i 'm sorry :(
brrr . it is chilly out ! put on some extra layers and you will be more comfortable in your pictures .
i will forward the kudos to john . he lives for this !
we can be found at most grocery stores !
please send us a dm with your email address and feedback and will be happy to pass it along .
that 's just something that happens with gluten free bread unfortunately
it may return someday !
what can i help you with ? please send all information regarding issue including your contact info .
hi , we 'll look into this as soon as we 're able .
we 're sorry for your delay , <USER> . please dm us so we can assist you !
i am sorry , if you will dm you order number , i will be sure the billing dept . will fix the issue .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
please contact our customer service at <E-MAIL>
thank you for your vote of confidence !
sorry to hear that but thanks for letting us know how you think .
it is a rare occurrence and you can find out more on this at <URL>
so sorry for the inconvenience ! please dm us .
thanks for your support .
any dealer will do , please go to the nearest one
sorry to hear that , we really try to satisfy our customers . can we do anything to keep you as a customer ?
certainly .
yes we will forward this to our design team
sorry to hear about this . please send a dm with your tracking number and info so we can make it right .
yes , yes , yes ! thanks . so glad you are in this with us .
visit the site to see about getting compensation for your delay .
you 're so welcome , happy to help !
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
there has been a slight change in the display . home just means that you are on wind 's home network . i apologize for the confusion .
we are glad to give you an update , we are currently still evaluating the app and will notify you when it passes to the next stage of development .
so sorry . i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
i 'm so sorry about this .
the request has already been submitted , there 's something else we can help you with ? thanks for choosing us .
hello there . mind telling us dm about what 's troubling you ?
best of luck dfw is the worst
great idea , smart
check out <URL> for availability by location .
can you provide me with your tracking number please .
we 're very happy you had a great time !
great ! have a nice weekend .
would you be able to pm us with your contact info and store location ? thanks !
we are sorry , please give us a chance to fix this .
thanks . we will forward this information to dispatch and have them look into pronto .
it is ! is there anything specific that i can help you with ?
i understand . i have a teenage niece who does the same things !
post photos wearing your fav team gear .
we can 't currently divulge any details but we 'll keep you posted !
for now we do not ship overseas
it is not our intent to scam our customers . i can assure you this was an error that can be resolved . please email us at <E-MAIL> for further assistance . thank you .
it changed up a bit sorry about that
we understand your frustration . we 'll be in touch to help .
we apologise for that kindly provide more detils so that we look into your situation
please contact us at <NUMBERS> so we may assist better .
the best way to get help with this would be to contact @ntelcare . thanks .
sorry about the bad experience . what can we do to help ?
glad we could be of help !
thanks for the support fellow #qlder !
i understand . send a dm so we can further address you .
i 'm so glad i was able to help and solve your issue . we 're here anytime you need us .
will you be celebrating with us this evening ?
why yes ! the in-flight movie will be ' from here to eternity ' . that burt lancaster is 😋 !
we are sorry to hear this , please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
i 'm sorry to hear about your experience . what can i do to assist you today ?
we think it 's great for all ages . glad you liked it !
we so happy you 're a fan !
thank you ! we are so glad we could be a part of your family !
thank you for your understanding !
i guess you can 't make everyone happy !
if you dm me both order numbers i can look into this .
yikes , sorry to hear this . <USER> , where are you experiencing this poor coverage ? i 'll look into it right away .
please email us , we want to look into this .
we 're sorry to hear about this delay . if you send a dm , i will be happy to get someone out there as soon as possible .
i 'm so sorry to hear about your issues spending your voucher . i would like to hear more details so i can help please .
okay , request sent !
dm me your phone number so i can see if i can help .
thanks for the head 's up <USER> ! we apologize for any inconvenience this is causing you . our team is working on the issue right now .
thank you for the support ! go team !
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
we made that stop . but will be on the way out .
i cannot wait to see the film festival , great stuff . cheers
hi <USER> , be sure to follow @cavs for the latest updates ... stay tuned , tix are going on sale soon !
love them !
those were the good old days .
that 's not good at all . please send us a dm with further details so we can fix it .
thanks for getting in touch with us <USER> . we will share this information with the rest of the team .
you can send a screenshot through dm and we can get this resolved .
hello ! our bands are exactly as they appear on our site . we 'll pass your comments along to the product team . thanks !
apologies for the inconvenience .
thanks for the support ! #uptheblues
the ikea store will open in late fall 2017 .
i am sorry to hear this . send me a pm and i will look into it .
please see video at the top of the screen for directions
how do you like the latest album ?
hello mike , please provide me with the train number ? thank you !
oh , no , <USER> . that 's certainly not how we want your customer service experience to go . if this issue is still unresolved , please dm me your number and i 'll get right on that for you .
hi <USER> , we 're sorry to hear about this . is there anything we can do ?
... yet ! ;)
so glad to hear that !
awesome picture ! glad you love your #lexus .
they are all safe and we can stand behind our products 100 percent
glad we could be there for you and your toyota , that 's what we are here for ! please send me your reg so i can let the rest of the team know about your feedback !
we understand your frustration with this . can you send us a dm so we can help ?
our team is going to be contacting you shortly .
we can check on this for you rather than going to war
thanks for the feed back we shall pass it on to our team .
i am happy to hear this <USER> . i hope you have a great day !
we are glad you are happy !
the schedule is set to release the end of next month .
yes , it 's one of our best . glad to hear you 're having a good experience with it .
please see our reply . your package is on the way .
please contact our service department @ <NUMBERS> and they will help assist you .
we love to hear your thoughts !
many things we sell at such fair prices are sold this way . thank you for your input .
please dm us your order number and we will help you out .
we love the love !
send us a dm and we can check your account .
can you send us a dm . we need more information from you !
we are working on it . please check back soon .
we are so happy to hear you 're happy .
confirmation that the shipping label has been printed and a tracking number created .
maybe wait for a better sale and pay tuition :)
contact our customer team @vmbuisesshelp in order to receive an update .
not all .
i am sorry that you experienced that , would you care to dm us with additional info .
so sorry you 're unhappy with our new product . i 'll pass along your feedback to the team . thanks for letting us know .
great job !
glad you 're a part of the family !
that is trul ! y frustrating . i will put your comments forward to our webmaster and in the meantime is there anything i can help you find ?
no worries . a subtotal of 0.00 means that the items are no longer in stock , unfortunately . your account has been credited - sorry for the inconvenience .
if you dm us with your exact address we will look into the service interruptions in your area .
so happy you received it ! thanks a bunch !
yes somewhat and great for breakfast !
sorry for the misunderstanding but from what i can see they are separate
what did you like the best ?
we stand by our products , please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can replace them !
sorry for the trouble this may have caused , did you know you may be eligible for compensation ? would you please visit this <URL> to see
i don 't see what that has to do with us and how we run our business .
please dm me your information so i can check up on this .
thank you for shopping with us we hope to see you back soon !
good luck to you !
please reach out at <E-MAIL> so we can help .
could you call us at 1-800- subaru 3 or email at subaru@s.com ?
yes most certainly . just shoot us a dm for followup .
woohoo ! stop by the @purelycosmetics and @tobetterskin booth :)
thanks for the details . we have replied to you . thanks .
thanks a lot for the review !
sorry to hear about that issue , can you dm us the best email our support team can reach you at ?
as always , dm us and we will get to it right away .
if you are still experiencing this issue please dm us with your contact details .
sorry that you are having trouble . are images working in your other tribe apps / .
we have plenty of move trailers , sort of promotional :)
thank you for spreading the word !
you just have to try .
checked dm . dm found . dm read . response sent ! :)
we are so sad to see you leave . please send us a pm so we can further assist you .
it should be available in the next month .
we are very sorry for the issues you are having and you can rest assured that we are working our hardest to resolve this .
we certainly hope so ! please let us know asap if you have any further issues .
which code are you trying to us ? shoot us a dm please .
contact us <NUMBERS> or <E-MAIL> so we can help you resolve the issue .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
okay please check your email with in the next 24 hours for the issued store credit and thanks again for shopping with us .
sorry to hear this , please dm us your phone number and a time to call and we will resolve the situation .
please contact me through pm so that we can go into detail and resolve any issues that you may be having , <USER> .
i have sent a message through dm . please check your inbox .
i apologize for the poor service you received at our dealership , please contact the dealership directly and they will gladly correct this for you and get you on the road in no time .
glad you liked them . enjoy .
hello please email us at fedex@gmail.com or call us at 188-377-4668 for immediate assistance
sorry you missed our great seasoning , please send us your story here <URL> and we will do our best to make it better !
i 'm sorry you had a bad experience with us . please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can help you .
sorry to hear about this issue , please contact @wind - cares team for troubleshooting assistance .
we are very sorry to hear about this , we will let customer service know . let us know if you need any help .
can you please dm me with the website address you ordered from ?
let me look , it was send on 3/12 and 5/12 , there is no tracking .
let me hear you rawr !
sorry for your experience . we will restock asap . thank you for your patience .
yes , journeys is authorized .
i was happy to assist you . let me know if there 's anything else i can help you with .
i understand , please email me at <E-MAIL> and i 'll check it out for you .
no worries . we have confidence in you . good luck !
i am sorry you feel this way . what can we do for you ?
thanks so much !
sorry for the mix up . i think you are good to go now with the account
so sad to hear this . please send us a dm with more details so we can look into this further .
the train was cancelled due to a crew shortage .
yay ! good luck !
we are very sorry to hear your frustrations . please dm us your email address so we can manually unsubscribe you . thank you !
sorry to hear about this . wed like a moment to be able to address this situation and you send us a dm ?
it was my pleasure , glad we could help .
let me look into this for you . i 'll dm you .
i 'll send you the tracking information in a dm .
we do not deliver on saturday .
we apologize for the inconvenience and miscommunication please contact us at 188-374-4662 and we will be able to assist you further thank you
i 'm so sorry to hear that you 've had such a bad experience . let me get you contact information for lg india so that you can talk to them directly about the issue .
try turning the phone completely off and take the battery out of it . leave it out for 2 minutes and try restarting the phone .
thanks for stopping in to see us !
i will give you a number directly to canada to get your issue solved locally , we value your business . please request a canadian center in the future and we will always route you directly .
we would love to see that happen !
can you provide me with an order number ? i will be happy to look into this for you .
hi , check out our warranty instructions .
could you tell me your location ? i 'd be happy to help !
contact us at <E-MAIL> or 1-800-446-1589 so that we can look further into this matter .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
that 's right . you will need to buy the phone from one of our offices before the data package will work . thank you .
please check your dm !
yes . if any charges show up that were not supposed to be there , just contact us and we will have them refunded asap .
thank you we love keeping our customers happy !
hello and thanks for joining us .
i will ensure the information is forwarded to the appropriate team , thank you for the feedback . have a nice day .
we have made enough for everyone and continue to make them , here is a link for tips on how to catch them more easily <URL>
glad that you are enjoying our product and thanks for the shout out ! let us know if we can assist you with anything .
hello - many apologies about this issue . please be assured that we are relentlessly working to ensure we resolve it soon , and thank you for your continued patience .
you go !
can you please dm us your information so we can get this sorted out for you ?
yes , you can return sale items with a receipt .
hi there ! we are sorry to hear about this ! please dm us with your info and we can resolve this issue .
sure . let me look into that for you .
we love to hear you fancy us !
we love you too !
so sorry to hear about this experience . please dm or email us so we can make it right .
we can issue a refund , please contact us
im sorry but the package is still being researched as to its location and once an update can be provided you will receive a call back .
great ! send us some pics !
sleep tight ! * * waves back * *
which shoes does she like ? we might have another suggestion .
what feedback are you getting when you try watching tv ?
please send me the link to the item and we will beat the price
so glad you 're happy with them :)
hello ! our team will update you asap regarding the status of your case . thanks for your patience !
we love to hear this !
you are right ! it starts in an hour ! good luck !
dm your registration info so that we can pass on your feedback .
why don 't you order go to <URL> and order them online already !
we would like to hear more about this . thanks for sharing .
i 'm curious now ... i 'd love to hear the story ! ;)
certainly . tell me the location and i 'll get it changed for you .
we 're so sorry about the inconvenience . we are doing our best to get your vehicle back asap .
thank you for the feedback ! we are working to improve it for you !
hello ! our formula is correct , but we might 've modified it a bit since the last time we introduced this product !
i 'm sorry to hear that . if you want to tell me what 's happening i can try to fix it for you .
what is your order number ?
we would be glad to help you would you dm us with more details so that we can further assist you .
we 're showing that the other item is on the way .
we feel the same way !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
thanks for the support ! !
of course we would love to have the upgrade !
we are so glad we could care for you !
those are impressive stats .
sure they are welcome as well .
this will be a possibility
the weather is sunny and i plan on working today , how can i help ?
please check your specific model here <URL>
yes , i have the emails and i am working on the issue . please contact me for more info . thanks
please check <URL> for compensation information !
can you dm me more details so i can send it to the proper channels ? thanks
thanks for brining this up , we 'll do our best to address it .
we apologize . please call customer service and we hope to hear from you soon .
you are free to return the set to the local store for an exchange , or we can dm you an address .
they sure are , but they will have to be screened at the security office at section 18 .
thanks for the <3 !
thank you for your support . lets go aussies . <URL>
we 're so sorry to hear about this ! we 're looping in our business help colleagues so they can assist you .
if you visit our website at <URL> it will provide you with descriptions of all these product choices .
we are internet people
i 'm sorry . please dm me your details and i 'll look into it for you .
the recharge succeeded with the last message .
i 'm sure we can help in some way if you just come into the local store
i have contacted you about this
we 're so sorry to hear about your issue ! can you please dm us more info ? we 'd be happy to help .
best wishes to you on your new journey i hope you get the job . let us know how it turns out .
we are so happy to hear this ! we love our employees ! <3
i 'm so sorry to hear that . could you please dm me with more details ?
i will send your complaint over to tech support . apologies that you are experiencing difficulties !
can you try this ? <URL>
unfortunately the gf bread is currently unavailable but it will be back soon . follow our page for updates ! thank you .
i 'm having a bit of trouble understanding what has happened here . can you dm me your order number , please ?
we love to know that ! what 's you favorite brew ?
we couldn 't agree more !
no worries . please describe the issue and we will have it resolved in no time ! !
if you dm me i will send you the proper address and procedure for returning tickets for a refund . thank you .
that 's great to hear , thanks !
the dept that can answer that is currently offline . i can forward your info through dm though and they will get back to you first thing in the am .
please check out your order info to find the order number .
thank you for contacting us , but we 're in the u . s . ! here 's a number for your location 's local assistance team . thanks !
gorgeous shoes ! thanks for sharing .
no problem at all !
sorry for the inconvenience , but our team is not available at this time . they will contact your first thing in the morning .
we apologize for the inconvenience ,
let me see what i can do !
glad you found your groove with us , look forward to seeing you again .
thanks for reaching out ! dm me your info and id be happy to help you
hi <USER> , we see you have some complaints , can we assist you in any way ?
aww , so great that you are lovin ' it !
sorry , we will look into this issue now !
hi ! yes , we 're happy to say that we 'll be able to offer adle tickets tomorrow starting at 6am .
please contact us at our customer service number so we may assist you .
that should never happen at our company , please dm me , i will provide my info and hours so you have a point of contact going forward .
and thank you ! happy to have helped .
i 'm so sorry to hear that , it does sound very frustrating . if you can dm me your account number and email then i will have an agent get in touch with you promptly so that we can fix this for you .
congrats on the big milestone ! here 's to 200,000 more !
we don 't currently have the ability to do that easily right now , i 'm afraid . dm us and we can help you out !
hello , our records show there was a holdup in the shipment . because of the inconvenience , we will refund 50 % of the purchase price .
thanks for letting us know .
hi there ! yes , it 's a valid url . we 've tried reaching out to you without success , so that was another attempt on our part .
we 're sorry to hear you 're having trouble . if you need help let us know by dm and we 'll make it right .
we wish we could ! but honestly whenever you 're ready we always have incredible sales that everyone can afford .
it is out pleasure .
please dm us so we can help .
we 're so sorry to hear about this ! our customer service team will follow up with you to fix this !
i would be happy to further assist you with the short code info , would you mind sending me an email ( e-mail
we 're so sorry , please send your details to <E-MAIL> so i can personally fix this for you !
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
please send your inquiry to <E-MAIL> .
contact the dealer for further assistance .
please email us your details of your problem to <E-MAIL> thank you
hello ! what a great suggestion ! here is the link to formally suggest
