contact the dealer for further help .
lovely pictures !
were you able to join ? i can send more detailed instructions if you need them .
hey <USER> ! try dialing <NUMBERS> and see if that works ! let us know how it goes .
we will contact the location to have this looked into .
hello , if you still need help dm me all info about your order .
yes , you are able to cancel in-store
hi there , i 'm sorry to hear that the price shown isn 't what you expect . let me look up the proper details .
we are expecting a shipment from @adidas in september , the anticipation is killing us too !
the folks at <URL> would be happy to further assist you .
there are some delays in your area , i am sorry .
hi <USER> . mandatory meetings all day . we will plan a date later .
it appears they are having issues . please stay turned .
hey <USER> ! thanks for the question , we 're not aware of when they will be restocked , unfortunately . but we will definitely share your feedback as soon as possible !
i have sent a mouse pad as a thank you for the amazing show !
you look comfy and stylish !
oh no ! no one likes to wait . rest assured , we are doing our best .
can you please dm us the exact information . we can take a look into it .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
thanks ! have a great day !
we would love to help you and we called but you weren 't around . just tell us when to call and we are on it !
we have been bombarded by calls , please bare with us
sorry to hear this ! what 's the model number ?
you 're so welcome ! :)
they look great !
we need to check this out , pleased send us a direct message
thanks for alerting us ! we 're investigating the matter .
we are getting more codes in as we speak , please stand by as you will be receiving yours not too long
please visit the rewards center online and you can see all the items you can get .
we are very sorry but delays are sometimes out of our control , you can be compensated , contact <E-MAIL> .
make sure to attach a picture with your submission ans hashtag #redboxtake5sweepstakes to enter . thank you !
if you could give us a call at 1-800- shop-cvs , we 'd be happy to help !
hello <USER> , i 'm very sorry that you were unable to reach us earlier . are you still unable to connect ? are you calling <NUMBERS> ?
would you like a digital or hard copy ?
what products did you use to make your make super relaxing ?
your wedding day looks lovely .
they are valid till your account is disabled :)
we would never !
thank you for letting me know about madonna .
we are so glad to hear the great news !
can you please provide us the details at <E-MAIL> ?
sorry to hear about the issue you are having . please send me a direct message with your information so i may look in to this for you .
bob we 're so sorry to hear about this inconvenience could you please send us your order number so we can look into this for you thank you
dm us with your logmein id and we will be glad to assist you .
we are looking into it now !
save some for me . it sounds good and healthy .
isn 't it a great lens . beautiful shot !
good afternoon . the screen reflects estimated information from schedules and the gps . some variables can affect the time . it should arrive shortly
we are currently looking into the issues and hope to have them fixed tonight .
thanks ! hope you enjoy the weekend as well .
can you give a call at 888-7848733 and go to option 3 for more help ?
congratulations ! do you enjoy driving ?
i am sorry about the issue please provide me your address so we can start the troubleshooting .
you 'll love the coffee . have a nice visit with your friends .
were there any packages activated ?
would you please restate the question .
sounds like a zoo ! have fun
i am sorry about this issue , this is certainly not normal , i will help you find out what is causing this .
well i 'm glad to hear everything worked out !
we are sorry about that ! please send us a message and we will provide you with a better email address .
i can help you if you dm me directly . thank you .
we serve cookies in the break room :)
good things to all those who wait ! #messiownedcourtois4years
<USER> . yes , and it is something that helps us with assisting you like we are able to today .
it will be available in showrooms soon !
i am yet to visit , i would love to
so happy to hear about the improvement . you 're very welcome !
customers whose lights have been delayed will be compensated
let me try another type of update and see if that helps
please send me a dm and i will help you asap .
follow the link below and use the trip planner for assistance in your travels <URL>
this is one great relationship .
i think you are just being methodical .
we want to make that up to you . so sorry for your disappointment . if you send me your email address through a dm i will send you a 20 percent off coupon for your next order .
did you see the name of the company ?
i hope the weather remains well so you can have a great photo shoot .
that is a terrible movie .
this is concerning . please send me the sku and lot number from the back of the bag and we will be sure to make it up to you asap !
hi , please get a hold of us via <E-MAIL> so we can discuss this further .
this is a important step in your life , enjoy .
right on .
please check your dm for our reply . thank you !
we are very very sorry to hear this . please dm or email us so we can fix this matter immediately
that 's legally true . charges do not , in fact , indicate guilt .
thank you for sharing the link !
we 're sorry to hear about that <USER> . could you dm us details of your experience and your location so we can investigate the issue ?
apologies that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with further details . we are happy to help .
hi user , it 's impossible .
we 're sorry , not at this time . thank you for contacting us !
what size are you seeking ? i 'll see if i can help .
please contact us for your compensation
please contact us at <NUMBERS> so we may further assist you .
this accommodation still offers an inclusive option so no worries .
here is the link to the locations page .
what is it specifically your having problems with ? we are doing our best to keep updates , up to date !
we just launched a new customer care page ! they will be with you shortly .
how can i help you today
please contact me via dm with your contact number for help .
aww yeah , that 's our jam !
i am sorry to hear this . we are willing to compensate , check here for eligiblity . <URL>
every baby is different , but we hear sometime in the first six months is a great time to introduce shoes to your little one .
operator are supposed to service all stops while in service . you can file a report here .
so glad we could assist you <USER> ! we hope you have an awesome weekend !
dm you personal info so that i can research the issue .
our barista can be misunderstood sometimes , please contact us directly so we can resolve this
enjoy the snacks ! we 'll have you on your way soon .
i am sorry to hear this . if you send us a dm we can further investigate this issue .
if you dm us your number we can resolve that issue for you .
it is always our goal to solve any issues quickly .
could you please dm me your ntel number , device type , and location ?
thank you , that is a franchised location and we will send someone from corporate over to investigate . please dm so we can provide a refund or a gift certificate .
so sorry to hear about your troubles . stays can always be modified by contacting reservations toll-free at <NUMBERS> .
we 're terribly sorry ! that isn 't at all the standard we aim to provide . please get in touch with us via dm so that we can resolve this .
send us an email with all the details .
dm us so we can look closer on our end ?
try the number listed on our website as i think the number you are trying is no longer in service .
i am sorry , but it is pretty standard to only have 24 hours .
i 'm sorry there was a problem . can you tell me what specifically was unacceptable ?
we are committed to animal welfare , so yes , we are an ethical brand .
awesome ! what color did you choose ?
smash them we shall ! thanks for the support ! #uptheblues ! <URL>
why not all three ?
you can contact us @wind_cares to help you with your issues .
we love helping and we love hearing this from our shoppers .
sorry to see you go , please give us another chance
if you would send us a dm we would be happy to help you with this .
we will notify customers when we know , thank you .
sorry for the problems . could you please contact our professionals at <NUMBERS> so we can look at your account .
i 'm sorry for the trouble , could you please send a dm with more details of what is troubling you today ?
you 're so welcome , <USER> . glad to make you happy .
hi <USER> ! can you dm us your email address and order number so that we can look into this for you ?
sorry , we do not presently offer that .
this was a great article and look forward to see how it all plays out .
oh no ! that 's not what we like to hear :( email us with your account info and store location <E-MAIL>
thank you for your input !
please follow <URL> to answer 3 quick questions
i will look into this now !
i am sorry to hear this . i can help you
you need to confirm with your dealership .
so you will be watching tomorrow night , right ? @etv 20h30 , your support makes her so happy .
your post with the picture says it all . so glad that you are happy !
this is stephanie , would you like my assistance today ? please dm name , delivery address and tracking along with phone nymbers .
its on like donkey kong !
we are always looking into ways to improve , thanks for the input !
sorry to hear that , can you contact <E-MAIL> to let us know what happened ?
we have great products but for you i would think the d5500 would be perfect for your needs . <URL>
that 's amazing to hear ! your #greattaste in #coffee won you a vintage tee ! dm us to claim your prize
we 're so sorry to hear about this ! if this item isn 't available you can only get it online .
if you would dm us we can further discuss the next steps you can take .
we have many tools to help create your ideas
you can be compensated and we 'd like to help with the rebooking . please visit <URL> so we can assist you .
so sorry to hear this , we provide great service
sure . we can check out what is going on . just dm us your name / contact info / and when we can call you . thank you very much .
we are truly sorry to hear that you had a bad experience . please dm us so we can help with your troubles .
please dm is your address and we will send it asap
we are currently looking to resolve the issue as soon as possible but due to weather delay 's we cannot give an approximate time
it happens to everyone .
please dm me about this issue asap .
let me check and see if we have a price guarantee , what was the price that you were quoted ?
hi <USER> ! did you get the item from our website or a retailer . please let our customer service team know at <URL> .
a price adjustment can be done for you if you contact us by phone .
that 's a great question . let me find a supervisor to further assist you !
send me a dm with the details and i 'll straighten that out for you .
sorry to hear about your bad experience . please shoot us an email here <E-MAIL> for assistance .
please let me know which item you ordered and we will be happy to ship or email you directions !
hey <USER> we will happy to help , send a dm please .
could you please dm us your 4 digit bus number and we 'll see whats going on .
please send a direct message with your order number so i might look in to this further for you .
thank you for your report . we will make repairs immediately .
sadly , we only currently offer eco friendly business cards at this moment .
it will be around until next year !
hope you enjoyed it . it was a blast .
what are you currently using to check in .
i am sorry to hear it <USER> . you can <E-MAIL> or go to the store directly fore assistance
i am pleased to hear this , great
can you please clarify what needs fixing in your vehicle and provide your vin via dm ?
hello , i would be more than happy to check on your phone . send us a dm of your info .
please send a dm to see what we can do !
we are so sorry to hear of the delay . if you can bear with me , let me see if i can get an estimated take off time for you .
i think tal ben haim is pretty great .
you should receive a notification in the next day or two !
hey <USER> thanks for the question ! we have yet to get an update , but keeping check back here <URL> for details !
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
if you want to cancel your account , contact us at your earliest convenience via phone or website .
we feel the same ! thanks for the fandom !
we 're so sorry to hear this . check out your dm 's and we 'd be happy to help .
that is a great shirt ! thanks for sharing .
thanks for the shout out
thank you ! we appreciate the feedback .
we allow up to 10 business days from the purchase date , so this shouldn 't be for long .
i 'm sorry , but we are currently facing technical issues with our site . we will resolve them as soon as possible .
glad to be able to help !
we would be happy to help .
we appreciate your feedback . what size are you looking for ? i 'd be happy to help :)
i can help you if dm me . thank you .
you can get your answer immediately if you send us an <E-MAIL> .
we are following up on your page . send us additional information so we can help . thanks @
hello , we 'll take a look into your issue and we 'll have a representative get back to you as soon as possible .
of course , i understand your concern . please send us the information and we 'll check into it right away .
hello , i am so sorry that your gift did not arrive , please send me your details and i will get right on it and get you your gift .
how can we help you out ?
hey <USER> thanks for reaching out ! we are glad to hear how much she likes our products . if you tell me what her favourite product is , i can recommend a few others for her to try .
you are not wrong about that , i think . maybe everyone has thrown away their 90s garb ?
i think it is
i can give you the location of the nearest jeep dealership .
you may change the plan when the service runs out tonight , =]
sorry , please dm us so we can look into this .
what is the email address associated with the account ?
at checkout there will be a box and thats where you enter it
hey there lovely ! all shower gels can be subbed for shampoo but we wouldn 't recommend for long term usage .
we are happy to be of assistance as always .
hi <USER> what route are you trying to use and where are you now ?
sorry , that isn 't possible , go try br-c 3 <URL> this is great !
ok . i have your information and we will be here to help you with any question . thanks
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
woo hoo ! go mitch !
so sorry . please dm us for a more satisfactory resolution .
thank you so much ! @willolovesyou @amygsfn @sanfranannie @hillary #yxyy cc @jhagel
thanks for letting us know , did you know we have a solution to compensate you for the inconvenience ?
we apologize and are looking into the matter .
we apologize for the inconvenience . send us your email address so our support team can further assist you .
we are so sorry but there has been issues with one of our towers
i am sorry to hear that you do not feel satisfied with our service . please message me the details of your incident so that we may investigate it .
i suggest refreshing your browser . let me know if that works .
i do not see any known alerts , can i take a few steps with you so we can fix this ?
hi there ! sadly we are unable to modify your order after it has been place . please visit <URL> to return or exchange your item .
hi there , we 're just trying to keep all types of cargo safe and sound ! in all seriousness though , please reach out to us and we 'll see if there 's a fix for your subaru .
sorry to hear that . is there anything i can do to help you out .
sorry to hear that , we wish everyone would drive safe too .
i will pass along your interest with our production team . thank you .
let 's go aussies !
can you tell us more about the problem ?
we are here to resolve your issue speedily . what seems to be the problem ?
hi there ! the forever plan is already included into our sprint flex program .
we are so sorry to hear that . please send over the order number so i can look into it . we value your business very much .
hello . just got your dm and sent a reply . thanks !
such a sad affair
you will need to contact tech support at <URL> .
we 're so sorry for the delays . the weather has been bad . please bear with us .
we apologize for this , kindly contact customer service for assistance
hello , sorry to hear you 're experiencing some trouble with your service ? what exactly seems to be happening ?
thanks for notifying us ! our customer service team will look into this for you . :)
sorry for inconveniencing you if you drop a dm , we will be more than happy to help
beer sales will end during the cavs game as usual
we 'd love to hear more about this <USER> please send a us a dm with details .
we 're so sorry to hear about this <USER> . send our customer service team a message and we can help .
sorry to hear about your troubles . please contact us for further assistance . 1-800- subaru 3 or <URL> . thank you !
oh my ! please send us an email @ <E-MAIL> with details so we can check into this .
hi <USER> thanks for reaching out . would you please dm your name , delivery address , tracking and phone # ' s so that i can look into this ?
nope ! doors open at 6 tonight ! see you there !
so sorry to hear this . please send a dm with your details .
it 's hard to give you a definitive answer without actually seeing your receipt . do you have your receipt still ?
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
perfect !
that is now how i understood it to be , can you explain that a little more ?
i am sorry for your inconvenience . we would like to compensate you for your problems . dm me with your contact information .
we apologize but that is not currently an option we offer .
thanks for the support !
awesome article and cute cards :)
we love to receive positive feedback almost as much as we love to make customers happy . thanks for sharing !
we will look into the problem right now !
they arent that far , keep en eye out
fabulous , we love to hear about the adventures our customers have ! if you ever need to retire them , we have some awesome new styles .
i am very sorry to hear this . please send me a dm so we can look into this issue personally for you .
we would never intentionally overlook a customer service issue . could you forward those emails to <E-MAIL> ?
we only support products in the usa . for proper support venues please visit your local website .
please call our customer service and give us a dm .
that is so super to hear ! thanks for sharing .
thanks , enjoy !
i 'm sorry that you are having issues . please send us a dm so that we can assist you
tweet our customer service team for more assistance .
we will be dming to hopefully resolve the issue
we will resolve your problem as soon as possible
i am glad we were able to help out . dm if you need anything else .
that was very useful . thank you so much for letting us in on it .
that 's no good . i see there is one still on the waay .
thank you so much ! i appreciate the support .
do you need help tracking your shipment ? please send me a dm with your tracking number , delivery address and contact number .
you must be a pro <USER> congrats how about a new corsa with a good deal ? please dm us for more information
hello conrad , please reach out for further assistance at 1-800- subaru 3 or <URL> . thank you
we 'll have your rewards to you soon
pitino is a terrible human being .
this will be a discussion topic at the next board meeting . we invite you to join for the discussion !
i 'm sorry for your experience <USER> . i will be able to help you , just pm your policy number and i can try to get to the bottom of this .
project runway is the best !
we all do !
i am sorry to hear that . can you send me a dm with your contact details so i can look into it further ?
please dm your order number and i can track down your order for you !
we collect all our recycling in one combined container now and then sort it out ourselves at the processing facility .
i do not agree
great to hear
i 'm so sorry to hear this ! can you tell me your order details through dm ?
i apologize for the problems with your order . i see that this has now been resolved but please give me a shout if there is anything else we can help with .
i understand your frustration i have passed along the info
yes , please call us at <NUMBERS>
let us know if we can help inspire you !
sounds great ! let us know if you need further assistance !
we do not have an exact day , but we will keep you updated !
we do offer an intl us dollar card . perhaps this will suit you <URL>
there is one already in the mail coming to you , please expect it in the next few days
hi <USER> , we are so sorry for the inconvenience . please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can investigate the situation .
if you can dm me the email linked to your account i would be happy to help you !
you should ! do you need tix ?
i 'm sorry for your experience . wizardly work in the way !
yeah ! isn 't it absolutely wonderful ? whoop-whoop ! thanks for the cheer squad !
that is his official account ! i can 't confirm if it is him , though . he may have his publicist doing that .
please dm us so we can discuss this further .
there are more than enough to go around !
hi ! i 'd like to help you - is there another dealer nearby ?
please send us your number so we can communicate .
i 'm sorry you were disappointed , we 'd love to make this right
we would be sorry to see you go . please dm us so we can assist you further .
sorry for any inconveniences , this is causing you , we will alert the team to check on it for you
we are glad to have you
no problem !
thank you and i passed the information on to the proper team .
you can check for locations on our website <URL>
this issue has been resolved .
thanks for your support ! please dm us and we can help resolve your issue .
sorry for the troubles , we cannot find any issues , maybe a blip in the internet but let us know if it happens again
england is mine , and it owes me a living ðŸ‡¬ ðŸ‡§ .
ok let us know if you need anything
i 'm sorry you are having a frustrating experience . would you please send us an email at ( e_mail ) so that we can work on this ?
thanks <USER> , we 're glad to have you . that 's what we are here for .
thank you . we will look into it as quickly as possible .
currently we do not . you may want to try youth sizing .
hi <USER> , yes you can change plans when your old one expires . thanks !
we 're so sorry to hear about this happening to you , <USER> . have you discussed this with your workshop ?
i am sorry but i cannot find the claim submitted for this order . can you please dm me so we can work this out ?
well if i tell you my secrets how do i know you will keep them safe ?
i will have someone look into it . thanks for your feedback .
hello user . can you please give me your ticket number so i can see what options i can offer you .
hello tammy please check your dm for further information our representative has responded to your situation thank you
sorry , sometimes the intern hits the wrong button ! can you tell me what the email was about ?
was your amazon gift card purchased with points ?
thank for the mention ! hope you entered and good luck !
no but i will be happy to place a new order with free shipping for you for any additional items you wish to order .
i am here to help you . send me a dm !
i am sorry to hear of this issue . please contact us at our 800 number or dm me and we will get someone to you .
let me get in touch with dispatch and see what might be going on .
you can file a case at <URL>
i 'd like to help you with this problem . please dm the following information : your name , delivery address , and tracking & contact number for me to assist you further .
we will look into this further . please send us a dm with more details .
valar morgulis lol thanks for the feedback !
hi there . please dm us your name and tracking number and we will be able to further assist in finding out what is going on with your package .
oh no , that 's not what we like to see . please dm us !
i would like to help ! send me more information please .
#leadfromwithin , <USER> just like a river you must keep moving forward !
are there any sale , charity or other offers in your order . those will prevent the code from being used . please let me know if i can be of any more help .
we apologize . if you would send us a dm with the details we will follow up with you .
we share info on upgrades on a regular basis at this url : <URL>
yes you can ! wish you al lthe best of luck .
nice job ! glad you had a great day !
hi i 'm here to help , please send us a dm .
sorry . it can take up to 14 business days for you to receive your new card . let me check on its mailing status for you .
fall is a wonderful season , please let us know what you go with .
i can see you order xxxl , what size did you receive ?
deliveries usually take up to 14 business days but if you dm us your order number we can get a more exact delivery date for you .
please send us a dm and we will be more than happy to assist you and make your experience a positive one .
it would be our store in brooklyn .
hi , this is colton , i 'd like to help you with this , could you please dm @fedexhelp and provide your name , delivery address , tracking # and phone # thanks !
tune in over the next few weeks for some holidays specials .
we understand your frustration . pelase dm us .
contact our customer advocate team for additional help .
for security reasons , i can 't discuss your incident in public . dm me .
the refund is being processed now .
that is not what we like to hear from our customers , please contact us
we are so sorry to hear about that <USER> ! please message us at <URL> so we can better assist you .
but of course . would you be so kind as to dm us the details of said issue ?
hi , please dm me your order information and i will look up the status for you .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
i will send that change in for you now !
please provide you case numbers so we can assist you
nope , it was a coleman handball in the box ... :(
we are already in love with collaboration . let 's go !
congratulations ! praying for a quick delivery
dm me with your zipcoe so i can troubleshoot the area .
thank you for providing us with your email address .
this is deeply concerning , please dm us your account information and we will look into this for you .
absolutely .
thank you !
i 'm so sorry for the delay . we have one that will be arriving in 5 minutes . thanks so much for your patience !
we are looking into ways to improve our system .
of course !
tell us how you styled your looks .
thanks for the photos , they are wonderful !
thank you for the compliment , it 's nice to be appreciated :)
i am so sorry you are having trouble reaching someone . send us a dm so that we can assist you .
if you follow and dm me a phone number to @cvshealth we will be happy to help you !
what was going on before your service was interrupted ? this can sometimes help us troubleshoot faster to find out .
can you send me an email at <E-MAIL> so i can find out more information about the situation ?
i see , it seems like you have poor service at your current location . please allow 1-2 hours for this to resolve .
there are many factors that contribute to battery drain . please check out this article :
if you send me a dm we are happy to look into this for you .
thanks for the question . you can contact customer service at this <URL>
we apologize . please go to <URL> and share the details and we will be in touch .
i see that a bus just passed that area . were you able to get on that one . i am sorry for your wait .
we appreciate your effort . you should reward yourself with another movie night
awesome shoutout ! :D
it is in the works . we 'll keep you posted !
so sorry this happened to you ! send us a dm so we can get you some compensation .
hi , we have received your message and have responded .
loving your product shot , definitely looks tasty !
i can assist with a walk through if you will dm me with your details .
we 've received your email ! we 're looking into the issue and we 'll be getting back to you shortly !
let me look quickly and see what is causing your outage , if it is just your place we can fix that quickly for you .
apologies , again . announcements are always made . i will check to determine if there was a failure in communication .
sorry for the inconvenience . we are happy the issue is resolved . have a great day .
awesome ! we love messages like these !
i am sorry that you went through this . please dm with your information .
<USER> we 're on it , hold tight !
happy birthday ! how 's your baby ? when will you see him ?
i 'm sorry you were unable to book the hotel in store . please call our sales team <NUMBERS> so we can help you .
terrific . no complaints then ?
can you please email <E-MAIL> with the details ?
you will need to insert the memory card into the computer and copy the firmware file .
we might be out of pre-ordrs to ship to homes . sorry for the inconvenience
if you can send me details about the product and which store you visited i will try to make this right .
i sincerely apologize . we are working to get someone to you as soon as possible . if you dm me your information , i can assist you better ,
i 'm sorry you 're having trouble . if you can message me your colormatch , i should be able to help you now .
i do not have an answer , sorry but i am looking into it right now
glad to hear you are enjoying your #lexus !
prices can fluctuate until tickets go on sale .
that 's amazing ! we are happy for you too
alright , i 'm sorry to hear that - would you please send me the order number ? i will look up its status for you .
hey , glad you placed an order , want to help you sort out the details . please send me a dm . i am here .
i was not happy about it either but what can we do
we think it 's better for the industry as a whole to support this .
you 're welcome
we are so sorry for this terrible inconvenience . could you please dm us your flight number and you frequent flyer account number ?
that might be a cookie issue , please clear cookies in browser and try again
we offer purchase protection .
awesome ! we look forward to seeing you there !
i can tell on my end that there 's a bit of a delay , but it appears to be a normal function for that camera . is your camera taking an unusual length of time ?
maybe this is a nice substitute ? <URL>
i apologize for the late arrival , please let me know if everything was satisfactory once it arrived . thank you .
i have successfully canceled your order , you will receive email confirmation shortly . thank you !
sorry to hear that please send more details to <E-MAIL> and we 'll make amends
i 'm sorry to hear that . please dm details of the flight issue and we will compensate you .
hi <USER> ! we are so happy you love your business cards . hand them out with pride .
terribly sorry about your experience . care to tell us more via email ?
what are your details , i will look into it for you
where was the purchase made ?
if you call us at <NUMBERS> a representative will be happy to help with this .
the presale dates / times have not been announced yet . but you can sign up for alerts at <URL>
thank you !
i am very sorry to hear that , please contact <E-MAIL> so we can sort this out !
sorry to hear about that . please dm your order number and follow us so we can resolve this .
looks like they have it in stock at that location , ive given them a ring and asked them to put some aside for you !
it 's hard to tell without seeing it in person . your best bet is to take it to one of our workshops .
i see that our customer service team has been in touch with you regarding these issues . is there anything else we can do for you ?
please send us a dm with the address of your location .
please dm us with your policy number and we can pass your feedback along :)
i am sorry to hear this . i am bringing in @vmbusinesshelp and they should be able to resolve this for you .
it appears you need to purchase them through the presale link from 3 .
digital download for now , just until the release next week .
sorry for the wait for your order . we currently are experiencing a larger than normal return times due to weather . if you could please check back with us in 48hrs . thank you and have a nice day .
please dm your contact info and we 'll reach out to resolve your issue .
<3 thanks for the love
we 're excited too ! :)
enjoy your viewing
i 'm so sorry to hear this , please send a dm so we can fix things .
rules are the same for all customers .
could you let us know how we can help ? please dm us your contact info and a good time to call you .
can you please send us your order number so we can resolve this .
that is not good ! sounds like it was a close call !
hello , please reach out to us if you need assistance .
coffee is the bomb ! alarm clock then coffee ! glad you enjoyed .
we 're sorry to hear that . this usually happens when other apps are running in the background .
thank you and we will check this out for you and help you with a replacement .
yes i agree with you .
try safe mode please .
we 've reached out to you via facebook . we 'll be happy to continue assisting you there !
using your amex will ensure they are fotl .
that is due to arrive at the start of march . thank you for reaching out !
i apologize . can you send further details in a dm .
yes ! we are proud to be a #qlder as well !
have you got a hold of a dealer yet . you can dm us , we are following you .
thank you for your kind words ! we are so happy to know about your good experiences , we will definitely let the team know .
thanks for your message , we will pass it on to the driver
what issues are you having ? please contact <E-MAIL> so we can assist you .
if you could send us an email at <E-MAIL> , or call us at <NUMBERS> , we 'd be really glad to help you out !
sorry for your frustration . could you please send a direct message with a brief description of your issue and phone number so i might assist you further .
i 'm so sorry to hear about this . can you send us a dm ?
your best friend made a great choice ! give her a big " hug " for us :)
here you go : <URL>
anything we can do to help ?
good to hear . you should try them with cream cheese sometime .
we will announce if our position changes .
it is a great song !
someone will contact you soon to help assist you .
please contact the retention department at <NUMBERS> , we don 't want to lose loyal customers .
sorry for your delays . for information on compensation check out the following site . <URL>
hey can you please send us a dm and we 'll check it out for you !
give us the deets , which pieces are you wearing today ?
you are the best ! thank you so much <USER>
i checked on your account and it is being serviced as we speak . thanks for your patience .
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
send me a dm with your details and i will address this .
i 'm so sorry that your commute was so long and unpleasant . let me pull up the information for our driver and file a report if necessary .
hello this is linda and i am sorry for your package not being delivered on time . please dm your name , address , ... <USER> ... tracking and phone number
thank you <USER>
you 're right , we do ! you can opt to receive digital receipts at your next check-out , and we 'll even send some coupons to your care card !
are you certain you 're using the correct number ?
that 's a great photo . one of the best . there 's just no faking that .
please dm us with details of your account .
there must be a scratch on the disc , have you tried wiping it with a terry cloth ?
we are working on restoring coverage as quickly as possible . we have the team on it right now .
i apologize for your troubles . would you like a refund ?
please let us know if the problem persists . if not we 'll pass it on .
hello there ! follow the link <URL> for further information on connecting . thanks for getting in touch .
we should be able to troubleshoot with you , send us an email please .
let me check on that for you right now .
keep checking out our facebook page , whenever we open a new store you will see it here first . we heart you too !
i 'm sorry to hear . send us a message so we can help you out .
this is very concerning , can you please direct message us
thanks for the feedback you sent . we will share this with our team .
hi - we can confirm that information tomorrow when the team is back in !
i am sorry you feel that way . please dm me and i will try to help you .
hi <USER> , can you try refreshing your page or contact us at <E-MAIL> , thank you !
thank you . we appreciate the positive feedback .
that 's not the experience we want you to have , <USER> . please dm your repair id number and we 'll investigate this matter for you .
our brand event is available until may 6th 2016 . hope that helps .
sure thing . we have a kfc day at our office every month :) .
wow so excited and pumped
have you contacted the store that you purchased it at yet ?
we are so sorry for the wait . if you want us to track the status of your parts , please send us a dm with the details .
hi ! so sorry to hear about your troubles with our products . please dm the details of your purchase so i can look into this for you !
looks awesome ! you are quite talented .
if you can dm me i will be happy to help you with this error .
sounds rough ! can we help ?
@user , our mission is to provide a global online marketplace where practically anyone can trade practically anything , enabling economic opportunity around the world . you can see more at <URL> . thanks !
hi there , <USER> . send us a dm and we 'll be happy to help you out .
a good selection of blue ray movies are available at every redbox
we will be testing both - we provide options if your focus is on one more than the other .
glad to hear we are able to keep you warm !
dm us if you would like to discuss this issue further .
you have a dm in your inbox , please check .
thanks for letting me know . have you tried baking it to dry it out ? try 200f for 30 min .
hi ! if you tell me your policy number , i 'd be glad to find out more .
we just sent you an email .
i 'm so sorry to hear that . please dm us your order number and we 'll get right on it .
no worries , <USER> ! you can always see photos or videos by clicking on the " use date to see photos " . data fees apply .
i 'm sorry you are having issues . please dm me so i can assist you better .
hello user . we are happy to assist you whenever necessary . thank you for your loyal support .
that 's amazing ! let us know if you have any questions
i 'm sorry to hear that . could you dm me your registration so i can see what 's going on ?
whoa , that should not happen , please let me help you resolve this issue .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
hello <USER> sorry to hear you are still waiting , our colleagues are going to help you .
sorry for misunderstanding . our presales start at 10am .
so sorry , this has been very difficult to work on this summer . we are working to fix this and we appreciate your patience .
thanks for the heads up ! we 're going to have our senior team investigate this !
sorry to hear you feel this way . let us know if we can change your mind .
3 airpower ports and 1 quick charge port are four ports together .
thanks for the reference . i 'll be sure to look into it .
dm us with your contact details and our account experts will contact you .
the best way to handle this situation is to contact us once you have tracking details so that we can request a stop on delivery .
i 'm sorry to hear that . please delete any phishing emails , and don 't click any links or download any attachments because they can put your computer in danger .
we cant give it away :( , but this deal will be very close to a freebie , are you interested ?
delays suck but we promise we are doing our best to get you there !
we 're sorry to hear that ! please hit up our inbox and we 'll get it taken care of for you .
i love the picture !
send us a dm if you need more assistance .
so glad that it was great for you . thanks for sharing !
our customer service team can help you . just send them a tweet @tmiecs
check under the manager 's desk in the back office .
thanks for the suggestion . we 'll pass this along to our buying team !
thanks for the email ! we will respond within 24hrs :)
we 'll have new gear in our shop starting the 29th of september !
we would love to hear about what you ended up getting . thanks !
hello , we are sorry to hear about the issue <USER> ! please send us a dm so we can further assist you .
i will do so !
we 'd be happy to set up a test drive .
sounds like quite a party you have going on there ! just remember to drink plenty of fluids and take ibuprofen before bedtime .
which location was this , <USER> ? we would really like to correct this for you .
hope you enjoyed the game ! we will pass your feedback on to the appropriate team for consideration .
we have activated this service for you . please dial * 504 to confirm .
if you have any future issues please don 't hesitate to get in touch with us . thanks
thanks very much for thinking of us .
we have sometimes more than one version , if you want the other we can try to find it ! it 's the same but just different labels otherwise .
i can check into why this is happening to you if you would dm me .
hi <USER> i understand your frustration and apologize for the inconvenience . please dm me so i can make this right .
hi , thanks for your question . what is your name ?
hi there , thanks for reaching out to us . please dm your order number so i can find out why your package is in the wrong place .
we would like to apologize for the communication problem . if you would dm me your order number i will check that for you .
we love them too !
dial * 555 * 1 # and pick double value or double delight , both plans give high bonuses .
i heard you are awesome .
thank you for the information .
hi , there i will update this for you now .
hi , we would love to get you a new card in the mail , please send us a message with your info .
please give us a dm on the mobile support account @lgusamovile
happy to see that you enjoy #uptheblues ! let us know if you have any questions .
hello , we have been working diligently to expand our service areas . you should experience increased connectivity and service in the near future .
so sorry . please dm us the particulars and we will look into this for you .
we just want to know if you are still having issues .
if you send us a private message with your info we can help you further .
well as they say you get what you pay for right
bring the unused portion to aldi and they will help .
i am sorry for the trouble . if you can dm your payment id we can resolve this issue .
please dm us the reference ticket # so we can track the status .
i apologize for the issues . we are working on this and will have updates posted every 30 minutes until resolution .
thanks !
sure can ! <USER> when you buy credit for your tigo line or other tigo lines , aside from the triple bonus you get , it comes with no fee at all ! same as buying credit for other networks as well
i 'm sorry that you have no service , please send us your account details via a dm so we can look further into this issue .
which lash bath bomb is the greatest of all though ?
so what exactly are you hearing ? let us know
hi there , sorry to hear that . if you go to <URL> you can file a lost and found case !
hello <USER> , can you please tell me the bus line and 4 digit vehicle identification number ? i am very sorry for this inconvenience , but we will fix this as soon as possible .
that 's great ! wglad you are having such a good time !
igus is only allowed to support products in the usa . if you want to see more channels follow the url .
what is it that isn 't working for you and as always thanks your your business .
please send us more information on the expiration so that we may assist you .
thanks for all of the praise !
we try our best to keep the fees cheap for our customers
go to this <URL> to deactivate but note that via our term and conditions you can not join again .
i am sorry you are having an issue . please call <NUMBERS> or email ( email ) us so we can look into this further
oh no <USER> it appears the route guidance may need to be adjusted , please dm us !
thank you , we will let our development team know
sorry you are having trouble . please dm or email us at <E-MAIL> for further assistance .
come on out and check them out today !
so sorry about that . please come by tomorrow and we 'll rectify the situation .
the company has updated their inventory it appears , and now it is being adjusted for our servers .
can you provide me with your order number please ?
oh no , please message us your number so we can call you .
i 'm so sorry to hear about that ! could you dm us so we can look into that for you ?
that is not possible
we love that you love your toms . check out our website <URL> for special offers on all our styles .
oh snap ! give us a quick dm .
we hate to hear that . please send us a dm with details on when and where you bought the shoes .
the sale is good until may 9th , but we always have new promotions as well .
sweetness !
please provide us with the details at <E-MAIL> .
consider it done ! thanks for the kind words !
we are really sorry that this happened . contact us here <E-MAIL> or 1.800.466.1589 and we will see what we can do !
i 'm sorry the filet was not to your liking . please follow this link <URL> to report any issues you have experienced and allow us an opportunity to correct the situation .
this is concerning . what seems to be bothering you ?
soon , and very soon ! thanks for your interest in our product .
i am sorry that your stay is not up to par . please let us know through <E-MAIL> or <NUMBERS> with your specific issues and your contact information .
i have received it , allow me one minute to look this up .
hi <USER> , how may we assist you ?
don 't wait !
hope you enjoy it in good health !
please send your info and we will be in touch
check your inbox we have sent you a dm about this . hope it helps !
id be more than happy to help you . just dm me your info and we can get started .
hey , we don 't send people door to door , dm us and we can work on this .
the marketing team has been notified and will remove the ad .
we are happy to have you as a customer !
sorry , can we make this right . please dm us with the store location and we 'll do something to make it up to you .
i understand your frustration but we need all the information in order to properly search for your account in our system . this will allow me to provide the best service possible .
i 'd be happy to look into where your package currently is . just dm me your name , address , tracking number and your phone number and i can hopefully calm your nerves ! :)
i will do so , dm is on the way .
i 'll be there ! @themakeupshow
please send a dm with your phone number and vin so we can make this right .
email us here for further assistance
i am sorry about any inconvenience , if you can provide me with your stop , i can give you an eta .
please call us up
congrats on your wedding ! please check the authorized retailers at <URL> as i don 't have an access to restocking info !
this will be sent on to steve so thank you for taking the time to send a positive message about one of our employees .
hm that 's interesting to hear . hopefully it goes well .
please dm me with your order number and we will see what the exact breakdown of the charges entail .
thanks for reaching out . we apologize for the inconvenience . contact <NUMBERS> for customer service .
hello . the order is still being prepared . if you don 't have it in the next 5 days , call us to see what 's going on .
of course , please feel free to send us to us via a private message .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
i 'm sorry that you 've had this experience . can you send us a dm , please let us help you .
hi <USER> , we have some suggestions for catering that we are happy to share . can you provide a few details about the type of food you would like ?
we would like to compensate you for your inconvenience . contact us on our website for further instructions .
hi <USER> , did you know your flight delay could mean more money in your pocket ?
we love that you love us ! stay warm and enjoy your @keurig !
it is our pleasure , have a nice day !
thank you for the positive feedback , <USER> . please dm your tracking number so i can forward it on .
if you give me your order number i will check it out for you .
enjoy your night .
thank you for letting us know ! i 'm putting in a report now so that our team can fix it .
oh no ! please dm us your full address and we can try to help you out .
never give up on your goals ! no matter what the cost .
sorry to hear about your wait . we can help track the progress of your order if you let us know which one you used .
we offer fair compensation , please contact us
me too . can 't wait
definitely , each passenger has their own a / c unit - please ask an attendent if you are unsure how to access this feature .
should be able to , do you still need help ?
what was the order you had purchased >
thanks for sharing that information , looks like you really like them !
thanks for contacting us user . the souvenir ticket is all that you need . just bring it with you .
awesome ! happy to hear you like it
thanks for the support ! go #aus !
do you have any more details on the problem ?
email us so we can address you experince .
slippers aren 't your thing ? check out our catalogue to find something in your love language <URL> .
i checked and the network is up
we can make sure to show this to our team . look at our improvements !
the outage will be resolved within the hour . thanks
you can use any form of id just be sure to provide an email as well
i 'm so sorry , please dm us your info and the store location and we will look into it immediately .
i would be glad to assist you in anyway . please dm me with details of the issues .
please send us a dm with your account information so we can investigate the issue .
thanks , lucy ! we 've sent a reply to your facebook message .
contact us via email for more help .
can you dm us with your location please ?
we let the customer care team know about this .
dm us your account information so that we may look into this further .
how do you like your new jacket ?
we are glad you like them <USER> !
would love to see it i bet it was great
please check your dm .
good luck ! we believe in you !
can you send us a screenshot of what exactly you dont like about the cards
you have to get in contact with cs uk and they will be happy to assist you further
it was our pleasure . please come back and see us next time .
yes , i just did .
please dm me so i can look up and explore great offers and promotions designed just for you !
we have crews throughout the area working to restore power quickly and safely !
i 'm going to try to be there . it will be fun , i 'm sure .
we hope you 'll be happy !
awww , thanks so much !
thanks for the shout-out !
fedex policy is to return the package to the station , but you could pick up the package there .
hey there . customer service can be reached at <NUMBERS> and <E-MAIL>
so sorry to hear about the orders . get in touch with us if you need any further assistance .
yes , please click on accessories and select seglaro for the available umbrella covers .
please send a dm with the details and we can hook you up .
i 'm very sorry for the inconvenience . do you know the name of the delivery driver who you spoke to earlier ?
thanks , have a good day .
dm us if you are having issues with your lexus dealer .
we hope so to . stay tuned for updates .
hello , i am sorry to hear this . have you spoken to your local store about offers ?
we accept many payment methods but i am not sure about prepaid cards , please visit our website for more info
the issue has been resolved , please try again and let us know if it worked
i am sorry , please email <E-MAIL> with what happened .
she is getting better !
please provide your number and we can look into the connectivity issue .
if you could tell us what the nearest cross street and zip code are , that would be great . we also need your number to assist you .
hey , thanks for the feedback <USER> ! we are going to pass that on to our development team , please let us know if you have any other suggestions .
it looks like there are some traffic delays along the route , but we 've got three buses en route at this time . sorry about the delay !
thanks for being a friend to us !
great pic - thanks for sharing !
all we can offer is an annual policy .
our platinum team will be happy to help you out with this . their number is <NUMBERS> ..
yes , that would work but if you would need to order a separate line from the phone . hope that helps !
we have a method for you to get compensation for flight delays at <URL>
gorgeous ! looks like an amazing bath ! !
hello bob we 're so sorry to hear about this inconvenience could you please send us your order number so we can look into this for you thank you
happy to see you there
you can use it for anything !
we hope you found it finger licking good !
how can i help ?
ok . our system show that the package was delivered over a week ago . would you like the delivery confirmation number ?
we are sorry , please dm us with the details of your experience .
oh my ! perhaps you could elaborate on the situation ? we would consider it an honor to rectify this situation for you ðŸ™ ðŸ¿ .
tell us more of the details please .
we have replied to your dm .
hi . we have sent a dm to you . thanks for being patient .
have you tried a disguise ?
hey <USER> unfortunately due to api restrictions that isn 't an option . we have to preview the image when you insert a link . thanks for your understanding .
thanks for your feedback ! maybe come back next time for another try ?
sorry <USER> we don 't have size 8 in stock .
we will be offering them in late september ! follow us on twitter to keep us updated .
you will be refunded as soon as the item is back in our inventory . thanks for your business !
wonderful !
we would like to contact you at your convenience . leave us your name number and best time to call . thanks .
definitely . you can always withdraw cash from an ecobank atm .
so happy you enjoyed ! happy easter !
thanks for asking <USER> ! there is short delay for the uk release , but we will have updates to be shared as soon as possible .
we are working to get it out as soon as possible on all eligible devices .
yes please dm us and we will be happy to assist you
we 're working on the judgement and will appeal /
thanks and good luck .
this is very worrisome for us , please send us a dm with the details .
we would love to reach out . could you send me your contact info ? thanks
the pineapple shoes are sold out but for a limited of time , we can offer you a comparable item for the same price .
please send me your information so we can look into this issue .
oh boy
all stores are in the process of getting baby changing stations . thank you for reaching out to us and sorry for the inconvenience .
what is the error that you are receiving . let us know if it continues .
we have the room types available on the website .
the box office is unfortunately walk up only . there are only so many seats .
your reference number is * 18574579 5 . we 'll keep in touch
this item will not be sent .
sorry to hear about your experience , could you dm us your phone number so we can look into this
hi , this coat was extremely popular and sold out very quickly ! i 'm so sorry it is no longer available .
i am sorry you are having this issue , let me look into this for you .
we are always looking for feedback !
hi . i have just looked into it . please check your dm . thanks !
very good ! check us out when you look for a car .
we are glad you contacted us , how can we help ?
thanks . is the store credit not active ?
we are so happy to be able to help . thank you for the positive feedback !
we are trying to fix this as we speak , please check back shortly .
thank you . i am checking into the problem now .
if you can dm me i would be happy to help you !
while we do sponsor many companies , we are unable to sponsor your graduation .
thank you for reaching out and we will have someone look into this coverage area for you . keep looking for updates we are adding more areas everyday .
please go to our website and open a help ticket and we will correct the situation for you
stay tuned for details on any public opportunities to come
we 're sorry for the delay . the flight will leave as soon as possible .
stay tuned , the website will be updated soon for the my17 brochures .
please contact our colleagues in the us at @lushcosmetics so we can look into this further .
hello . yes , it has been discontinued but it 'll be replaced soon by a new product line .
you are so welcome ! hope you enjoy your coffee :) )
awesome what are you getting ! ?
we will be sure to pass on your feedback . thank you !
we advise keeping the tag at the bottom . hope this helps !
it isn 't . have you verified that you are using the proper username / password combination and that your security settings will allow you to log in ?
we 're so sorry to hear that , please dm use directly and we will get your refund as fast as possible .
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can fix the issue !
wow that is very beautiful !
hey <USER> we are sorry to hear about that ! unfortunately , it sounds like it has been stored for too long . feel free to come back soon and replenish !
wanna hear a secret ? you can get 60 % off the next sale .
both are accepted !
good luck and have fun !
we 'll pass on the feedback .
we thank you very much !
cant wait to see you there !
#aus #rio2016 . lets go !
and thank you !
you are very welcome !
you can copy your files using the file manger in the logmein app and you cand ind this app in the google play store .
share details of your current experiences .
you have to file a formal complaint
i am sorry to hear this !
suns out , ankles out ! ! soak up that vitamin d !
reach out to us directly if you need help .
we 're sorry to hear this , please dm use and we will see if we can help you .
please reach out to us either through dm or calling our service number
hey there ! can you dm us the order number ?
so sorry about that . we 've forwarded this to our dev team who will be in touch .
can you dm me your telephone number ?
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help . if you 'd prefer to call us , here 's our customer service contact number !
you can find a list of causes at <URL>
thanks for the tip . i 'll pass your request along to the team . thanks .
i 'll forward this to the staff who will be able to help you .
we are sorry to hear that . please dm us with your number so we can follow up .
this has been fowarded to our service and warranty dept and the team leader has assured us someone will be speaking with you shortly .
the cost is 0.05 p .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
i 'm sorry to hear that you 're having some trouble , do you mind messaging us so that we can find out the details of your experience ?
you 're welcome ! enjoy !
sorry you had a bad experience . can you call us and say more about it ? 1-800- - shop-cvs .
glad you got them !
he got excited when he saw the mistletoe .
please dm me your name , delivery addy , tracking , and phone number so i can help .
i do not have an answer right now but keep an eye out
daily mail lies .
i 'm , so sorry for the dealt . you might be able to board on one going by .
they will be available early april . keep following us for live updates .
check <URL>
thank you for your question . we kindly request that you contact a dealer for further assistance .
please keep us posted .
sorry to hear about this , we are working on restoring service . it 's possible that one of our towers received some damage . please sit tight and dm us if there 's anything else we can do in the meantime .
contact us and we will walk you thru
glad to hear it 's going well !
there are no known app issues , i would recommend uninstalling and reinstalling , i will stay with you to make sure it works .
come find your perfect first car at <URL>
we are so sorry you have had a bad experience , please email us .
so glad we could help you out ! if you have any other questions just let us know . thank-you !
sad , sad day :(
please check this link to <URL> to see the list of open stores in your location .
we hope so !
there are different accesses for presale . do you have this access . see info .
we 're sorry to hear about your travel disruption . in light of this you may be eligible for compensation .
i 'd be glad to check ! can you send me your confirmation number ?
thank you . i checked and we have received your email . you will receive a reply soon .
please contact us via dm with your information and a brief description of the issue so we might be of further assistance , thank you .
all right user , we will track this down for you . please send in all of your information .
hello <USER> make sure to enter the promo code exactly as you see it . if you still encountering problems we will forward you problem to the resolution team .
we love the hair ! why are vapors so cool ?
we apologize for the problems you are having . please dm us with your email so we can help you .
movies are marked down differently depending on the types . some are 2 for $ 5 , while others are 3 for $ 21 .
nice work howard !
sorry to hear this ! please let me know the store location and i can help resolve this .
we unfortunately don 't have this movie available at this time .
we appreciate all the positive words and we hope to continue making you proud .
hi there , what is it that you 're working on ?
we will be in touch shortly with that information amanda . thanks for you patience !
look for it with your morning coffee ! ;)
i know you will enjoy it !
i would love to help you if you send me a dm with your country and the watch msn .
can you dm here so we can talk further ?
yikes ! sorry to hear about that , please send me your reservation number so i can get in touch with the staff and figure out what 's going on .
that is great news ! which products do you like ?
i 'm really glad to hear you enjoyed it .
if you dm us your location we can find one for you .
we like to hear about the value we provide . thanks for sharing !
i will be sure to pass that information to mr . claus in shipping .
hello user . i am so sorry about the problem that has happened . can you please give me your order number and i will see what i can do ?
please dm us your order number
we have let the management know <USER> .
we are looking into your issues and want to make it right . thanks for your patience .
if you will dm me your phone number i can call you to assist you as you walk through the problem .
hi <USER> we are sorry for the inconvenience .
thanks for sharing that .
nice ! mind telling us what you had there ?
let us know what you tink
fantastic <USER> .
thank you ! please dm me your reg and i 'll pass it on .
souns like you have a fun night planned
i am happy i could help you !
please let us know what other issues you are encountering so we can resolve .
we 're sorry to hear that ! you can find out how to change your screen saver here <URL>
hi , we are not always made aware of when our stock comes back in . but we would be happy to notify you ! feel free to click the notify back in stock button at this link . <URL> thanks for shopping with us !
love that , thanks for sharing !
if you check out @ntelcare they will help you .
it 's not too early .
you can dial * 588 # to borrow some airtime .
i 'm sorry for the problems you have run into . please dm us with more details so we can help .
we know how in depth this topic is and we ; re barely scratching the surface . #powerofprecision
we do offer discounts but at this time only for new service , sorry
yes , i assure you all our products are safe .
you should try it !
you are welcome , i am getting this started as we speak , any other questions ?
i 'm sorry to hear that . dm me your contact info and i 'll do my best to help you .
that one is a fan favorite for sure !
starting our youngest fans out as early as possible , that 's what we love to see ! stop by our guest services desk and pick up a little gift from us !
i can check that for you if you dm your name , address , tracking number , and phone where you can be reached at .
another dm has been sent your way . thanks !
welcome to the network , please feel free to browse ..
please provide the order number
you offer other choices for your convenience . follow this <URL> for me info .
sorry , can you repeat that ?
so happy you enjoyed the game with your family , please stop by guest services for a gift !
are you hoping to switch device 's on your phone line ?
glad you liked it , think you 'll give them another shot ?
try an alternative internet browser to see if the problem persists . please notify if there is a problem .
we 'll have our agents in europe get back to you asap !
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
thanks for all the love !
once again sorry for the problems . is there any way i can help . thanks
oh dear . thanks for contacting us so we know to help .
right back at you !
thank you for your message and i will have someone be in touch with you soon .
can you give us a call at the provided number so we can help you out ?
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
we can get you in contact with the correct division if you will call at your convenience .
i would live to help you . please send me a dm .
ouch thats terrible , could you please dm use the store location , and have a coupon for a free coffee as well .
thanks for the feedback .
good luck !
the order appears to be unpaid . please let us know if our records are not accurate .
congratulations on snagging the iphone 8 + pre-order and we 're happy that we were able to make it such a simple process for you .
thank you . we have confirmed your order and tracking info has been emailed to you . please let us know if you received the email
oh no ! we 're sorry you didn 't get our replies . our team is reaching out to you via email :)
the item is currently out of stock and was pulled from the website , when you see it again it will be back in stock !
we apologize . if you will send us a dm , we can help resolve this .
there are vegetairian and vegan chorizos , fyi .
dm your details and we will contact you .
hello <USER> , can you follow up with me and give me more information ?
thanks for the information . kindly send us a dm and we will make sure that the appropriate team reaches out to you to resolve your issue .
great to hear you have had a great experience ! we will forward it on to her leadership team .
anything else i can help you with
we currently do not have the ucl fantasy league , but we have the epl league running .
you 're wonderful , and thanks :D
is there a particular seat that you would like ?
so happy to hear it 's working for you ! please let us know if ou need any future assistance . :)
contact us directly by phone to receive assistance .
call us and we can help
thanks for the offer . have a great night .
if you send me a dm with your location we will address this for you . thanks for letting us know .
can you tell us what the problems are , we would appreciate constructive feedback on our service .
sorry about that ! please message me with your account name and number so i can research why that happened .
we 're sorry to hear that . can you dm us your email so that we can have a rep reach out to you ?
we apologize for the inconvenience . we will be happy to help solve the issue
we want to keep you as a customer . could i offer you a 30 percent discount on your next order ?
let us know if you have any questions about joining wind .
thank you for this . let me look up the number and get right back to you to see what exactly happened and what further steps we can take .
we appreciate you letting us know what you like . right now i don 't have any restocking information but i have passed on your request to our team to look into !
we are doing our best and we 'll keep you updated .
we are always improving our busses , thanks for the feedback
thank you .
sounds great ! how do i share ?
whoops ! ... hope that isn 't our studio civic !
i 'm still not seeing the dm . please make sure you 're sending it to the support handle .
that 's no problem . there are a lot more events coming up for you to enter !
did you receive your badge at the sprint store ?
if you would like to speak with a live customer service agent contact us through this <URL> and we would be glad to assist you .
we would love to look into this for you . message me with your information so i can further assist .
i 'm confident you 'll find the right outfit for yourself !
you 're welcome , and thank you !
we hope to have one someday !
please dm us some information and we will investigate
well done ! enjoy your nice drinks :)
sorry to hear . you can file a case , and see if you can get some compensation here : <URL>
it all depends , you can check our website for more details
what a delightful image you have captured !
hi there , i apologize for all the troubles . i can further assist you if you elaborate on your issues , thank you .
thanks for the feedback we will forward this to the production team .
thanks for dropping in ! let us know what goodies you got , if you got any ! :)
what do you prefer ? :)
no problem
glad you enjoyed them and thank you !
ok well if you have someone who can take a look for you .
hello there ! i will make sure this feedback is send to the development team so the website can be easier to use for you in the future .
our products are natural and therefore don 't react the same way as those with chemicals do . sorry you were disappointed , though .
i sent you a reply and hope that this works for you .
check your dm , just sent a message , thank you !
for a whole decade i 've been proud to be a #qlder !
thank you , we will gladly take your number off any lists if you will dm it to us .
give us a chance to make this right .
safe for which purposes ?
i am not sure any outlets in that area .
so beautiful !
i am sorry for the delay but i hope we can make it up to you with a gift . for details dm me and i will get more information to you .
we had issues with our server . they are resolved can you dm us your account number .
this is not good , can you get in touch with us so we can help you
this package hasn 't shipped just yet but will be shipped in the next few days .
this is unfortunate . please allow us the pleasure to adressing this issue for you .
we are one team and glad to support the usa .
if you can send me the model number you are looking for and where you are located i will find your nearest retailer .
hi , dm me your name , address , tracking number and phone number and i can check the status for you .
great job on the new book !
we are making a new one , keep an eye out for it
go by the limited tickets at <URL> .
drone footage is awesome ! please keep us posted with photos and videos of your amazing vaycay !
sounds like you got lucky ! keep the chips and enjoy !
your quite welcome and happy to have you both !
glad that you 're receiving help . give us a dm if you need any more help .
i am sorry to hear this . please call <NUMBERS> and they will further assist you .
please send us your order number and email address for further assistance !
hello , and thanks for reaching out . please send a dm with further detains and we 'll try to help you out .
thanks for sharing with us ! also , the average price is 1.99 , but it can vary by location .
please contact customer service via the website for order cancellation .
i am sorry that happened . please dm me and i will do what i can to help you .
we always hate to hear that , please send us a dm to get further assistance .
awesome ! when you are ready to look for a car keep us in mind .
they can definitely apply !
hi ! we appreciated you being a loyal customer
did you get any goodies while on your visit ?
everything okay ?
you 're welcome !
it is best to contact the dealership directly .
we think focusing on existing customers is even more important than attracting new ones !
thank your messaging us . can you please send us a dm with information including your operating system .
hello , i 'm sorry that you are not satisfied with the item . keep in mind that you can always return the item within 60 days after purchase .
hello <USER> . did you order in a store or online ?
we are here to help . go here <URL> and we will see what we can do to make it better !
congrats ! you 'll get there soon !
i have dm you details and followed you
i 'll have to check in with our suppliers on monday . i 'll get back in touch with you about it . thanks for shopping with us !
sorry about the delay ! we have replied to your email . let me know if you did not get the response .
no . we do not offer price matching services . thanks !
i can help you with your package situation . dm me with your tracking information .
hi jessica , i would be happy to help ! please dm me the details .
so happy to hear about your great experience ! thank you for sharing :) )
contact <E-MAIL> and we will provide more details .
we hope you find everything mom wants for mother 's day .
yer welcome ! :)
we are so sorry and apologize for any inconvenience . we passed your contact details with our team and want to solve this issue cc : @payumoneycare .
glad to hear that your experience was good ! you can send us a dm or contact us through our email address at <E-MAIL>
it should be taken care of by the end of the day .
i 'd be happy to look into it for you . can you send over your account details so i can do a bit of poking around ?
i agree with you completely , please dm me your information and we can get this resolved .
you have hurt our feelings , is there a reason you feel this way ?
please shoot us a dm so we can get this fixed .
i think i can fix the problem . i 'm going to try something we haven 't yet .
hello ! unfortunately we have a high call volume right now , but you can always reach an agent on twitter or by email .
fauzia is fabulous ! you were lucky for her to come your way !
this is what we strive for . thanks for your business
be sure to check out <URL> for more information on the sweepstakes .
sorry to hear this <USER> ! buses are obligated to stop at any and all designated locations and especially when customers are waiting .
so sorry to hear that you are not happy . message me with your account information so i can help you with the issue .
if you send me a dm with the order number i can see what is going on with this .
thanks for the feedback . we will see that shaun gets some recognition !
do you have the order number ?
oh dear , that 's not good ! what location did you buy these from ? please send us more info .
i would love to check into this for you if you would dm me with your details .
please could you dm us your tracking number and what issues you are experiencing ?
sorry user . that is much longer than intended . please send in your order number and we will check on this .
i 'd love to find out the driver responsbile
we do have more information about the issue at the follown address <URL> .
sorry for the odor . we are doing a controlled natural gas release which stopped at 11:30 pm .
we 're very sorry for this problem , please dm us your repair id so we can fix the issue .
no , thank you for the love !
we 're sorry to hear that and would love to help . please contact our support team .
sure . we 'll help you right away .
hey , we are so sorry for any inconvenience . please call us at <NUMBERS> so we can further assist you .
sorry to hear about that , <USER> ! they 'll have more info about that at @vmbusinesshelp . :)
thank you ! we 're glad you enjoy our salsa !
you can request courtside when the season opens
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info , and the location of the store you visited ? we 'd be happy to help .
what a shame . i would love to help with this issue . c
what happened ?
we are so glad to have helped ! love hearing the awesome feedback .
certainly we can . can you dm us your order number so that we can assist you further ?
hi , thank you for contacting us . can we get more information about your situation ?
it really doesn 't hurt to look though !
yes . that will work . :)
use a quarter to get a cart , get your quarter back when you return the cart . it 's an easy way to keep prices low !
sorry about this , please contact <E-MAIL> so we can resolve this .
sorry !
oh , ok . well i can 't wait to read it !
it is fine to send an email . we will respond without any problems
i 'm not sure what you mean , can you elaborate ?
we are glad you are enjoy shamless , why not try out some more show .
typically we do not cover beyond 3 months however our r & d team may want to see where yours broke in which case we could replace . please dm me some details and i will see what we can do .
this is a common problem with an easy solution ! please contact our customer care line for support to get the help you need fast !
sorry about that ! we had some technical difficulties which are now resolved .
hello ! once you get your first bill and have set up a direct debit , please call <NUMBERS> to set up monthly pay . thanks !
the following website should have specs on what you 're looking for <URL> .
happy to help ! we can 't wait
sorry we are experiencing a very high call volume at the moment . if you dm us your number i can arrange a call back .
we are so sorry , i will check on our buses current location .
which route are you talking about ?
contact customer service for info on our double guarantee policy .
hello , and thanks for your inquiry . we recommend that you use whatever product is specified in your owner 's manual .
curious , what is a flip ?
hope you feel better , if the problem does not stop reach out to us
hey <USER> send us a dm so we can help you !
unfortunately we currently do not .
can you please dm me your information so i can look into it ?
so happy to hear that <USER>
unfortunately , due to the digital nature , there is no option to cancel once purchased . sorry for the mix-up .
we want you to be satisfied , but we do require a proof of purchase before we can provide a credit .
let us know how it goes .
so happy you are happy . cheers
great to hear , <USER> !
we are sorry to hear this , please dm us for further assistance .
we are so sorry to hear about your service , please try us again .
my applogies for your inconvenience . we 're looking to resolve the online gift card issues . meanwhile , thank you for your patience
sorry about the wait . i know it 's frustrating , but we need to keep everyone safe .
is there anything i can do to make it better
i will include you in the current update stream so you can stay informed .
awesome ! sounds like you had a good experience ?
the incident was due to a car stuck on the tracks .
we 're so sorry to hear of this <USER> . construction is on route and making it difficult for deliveries .
we are so glad to be apart of your #firsttweet .
thanks ! we agree .
hello user . we are in the process of restocking this item . it is on backorder right now , but we hope to have it later this week .
<USER> what seems to be the problem ?
it has a towing capacity of 3500 pounds .
we would like more information so we can check into this . please dm us with details .
make sure to follow these tips <URL> and protect yourself !
we don ; t have a plan established yet but one is coming soon . stay tuned for updates !
hi there , <USER> . we are not able to dm , please send us an email at <E-MAIL> .
they should be available for booking a year in advance .
hope to see you soon :)
hey , <USER> . unfortunately at this time , we only offer the single cut . we have made note of your feedback , though . thank you !
that 's not good . please contact us for help with this .
please provide your email address and phone number and someone will be sure to contact you on this matter !
thanks for sharing those quotes .
to replace your card please call the number on the back of the card or login through online banking
not nice language , but funny nonetheless
absolutely . bring the product to the store , along with the invoice . we will be happy to exchange this for you .
so sorry to hear about this . we hope our associate can help you .
we 'd like to send you a discount coupon for your birthday too ! can i get your e-mail address ?
after a certain amount of use it 's unavoidable but there is a warranty for unusual issues
send us a dm with your starbucks card number and we 'll help you out !
i 'm sorry to hear about that . what can we do to help ? give us a call please .
please dm us with your information and location so we can look into this service issue .
you can find it soon at <URL> .
hi . can you be more specific ? where are you waiting and where is your destination ?
we can resolve this . please contact us
good luck and dream big .
your positive feedback is always welcomed
so sorry your oder was delayed . send me your info so i can have a look .
we will be happy to change for you
hello <USER> , thank you for contacting us ! we are happy to help you in anyway we can
hi there ! sorry to hear there 's a mix-up . can you send us the transfer info so i can find out if anything went wrong on our end ?
can you make sure that the exact items are incorrect then send us a message .
#betterthanever
follow the instructions provided below please
it is such a relief !
it is shown in the game preview every morning . check us out !
contact the member services number on your card , we will be able to help you better from there .
that is unfortunate , we 'd wants ours , too . let me check on this for you .
no problem there are more to come !
we definitely don 't want you to feel that way ! would you please dm us so we can change your mind ?
are you still unable to browse now ?
wow you caught that at the right time . thanks for sharing .
i will pass your information on to @payumoneycare for more help .
i am sorry for the long delay . check this website <URL> for information on compensation for the inconvenience .
sounds awesome .
sorry your experiencing this issue . what was going on before they stopped sending ? are you able to do anything else on your device ?
sorry to hear that . please dm me your info so i can help .
please dm us so we can help you with this .
<USER> , i am sorry to hear this ! our gold membership program is still up and running , and has more rewards than ever ! i will send you an email with information on how to re-apply , and as a bonus will throw in a $ 50 starbucks gift card !
just let us know what color and we can get it out within a week .
please send us your email and your friends to : @payumoneycare .
we 're sorry to hear about the issues you 're having , dm us and we will work directly with you to resolve this issue .
if you could tell me which bundle i can give more detail .
thanks for your feedback .
introducing ... freddy :)
great choice ! let us know if you have any problems .
you can contact us here <URL>
our web design is set up with a live pricing system which will go up or down based on many reasons .
hello there , could you please send me your order number so i can look into this and make sure that you weren 't overcharged ? thank you !
thank you so much for the compliments . we aim to please with speed .
we wil do that asap
i agree . i will pass this onto our feedback team .
how about we help you figure this one out . dm us your email , phone number , and store location .
we are rolling the updates / service and plan on having it on all stations by the end of the year .
i 'd love to ! please send me a dm
we 'll pass on the feedback .
it is no longer on tigo
you are very welcome !
oh no ! that is terrible ! please email us right away at <E-MAIL> with the details so that we can assist you and prevent this from happening again .
sorry to hear that your flight was delayed and not up to your satisfaction . we do try to meet everyone 's needs . you may be eligible for compensation , visit www.airline.com/compensation to start the process .
yeah , i just sent it , i better be getting this today !
what has gone wrong with it ?
not currently , please follow @cavs and check <URL> for trophy related announcements .
awesome , we will pass this on to him when we have a chance
personally i think that suave shampoo is my most expensive .
of course and it was the bomb !
we hope you enjoy our products
could you tell us what location this was so we can fix this ?
great to hear ! please let us know if there 's anything we can do to make your transition more smoothly .
sorry for the wait and i 'm glad you were able to get through to someone .
we are aware of the issue and plan to compensate , what was you flight number and ticket number ?
hey <USER> please contact us at <URL> or <NUMBERS> so we can hep you out .
i break rules from time to time , no saint
thank you but it 's customers like you that make us who we are .
thank you , let me get right on it !
it should have already been restored , please provide your details
thanks , do you recall whether the truck was fedex express , ground , or home delivery ?
we are sorry to hear about this ! please call us at <NUMBERS> to fixthis .
very nice , glad you love it
could you please dm us for further assistance ?
we just launched a customer care page @iwcare . a member of that team will be happy to assist you .
what can i help you with today ?
oh no , are you alright ? <USER> , if you need emergency assistance please call <NUMBERS> and select option # 1 in the menu .
our team would love to assist you , please send us a dm
congratulations . i hope you enjoy your drink .
you 're actually able to dm us at any time . :)
sorry about that , you can stay up to date at <URL> .
we 'd love to get you some compensation for your hassle ! here 's a link where you can get some further assistance !
congrats on winning our vintage tee and we do have the greatest coffee . dm me for details on how to get your prize .
we 're happy to hear that :D
sorry that we weren 't able to meet your needs . could you please provide details of your situation and we will look into the matter . thanks .
how nice for you ðŸ˜ƒ !
thanks for the visit ! did you enjoy ?
we would like to know more about your encounter . please contact us to report this problem .
congratulations !
okay - please send me your order info and i will check it out for you . thanks !
we 're glad that you 're happy . thanks for giving your feedback .
reach out to our customer service and we will assist asap .
i 'm glad that geoffrey was able to get out there to help you !
give us a <NUMBERS> because some of the information we can 't release .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
dm us so we can help you .
thanks ! i 'm honored myself
hey <USER> thanks for your feedback ! we are sorry for the delay and we will be making some major adjustments to assist with that wait time .
glad that you enjoy our coffee . dm us for the prize you have won .
you can call <NUMBERS> for assistance in the us .
i think it must be some dark magic at work .
find a way to achieve your goal .
so sorry to hear these things , please shoot us an email .
nope ! it 's actually from the movie 300 .
i am terribly sorry about the issue and we would love to get this right by you , how can we help ?
what would you buy first ?
we think it 's a winner too !
can you dm us a better explanation .
i 'm sorry , please contact the customer service team at <E-MAIL> or <NUMBERS> for further assistance .
hi marie . i 've looked into this and yes the store does have the brow bar !
i 'm sorry you feel that way . can you tell me more about your experience ?
oh no ! what didn 't you like about it ?
i 'm sorry you had an issue with one of our drivers . they should be professional at all times .
@lgussupport would be happy to help you with this issue :)
thank you for your feedback !
let us know if you need any more help /
i am sorry to hear about your difficulty . i will need some more information about the product malfunction . please contact us at <E-MAIL> with a full description of the issue and include the serial number of your product , if you can .
always great to hear from a satisfied customer . have a great day <USER> !
i must say that i do like the vaudevillains .
so sorry to hear about your flight troubles . do you know if you 'll be eligible for compensation ?
the pleasure is all mine !
we appreciate the shout out ! thank you so much ! <3
yes it is .
i miss you to , we are always here for you .
thank you @user !
this sounds like an issue that we can quickly resolve . send us a dm and we can work out a solution .
i 'm sorry , we will be at your location right away .
please call at <NUMBERS> to learn about your application this is our new accounts dept . !
sorry to hear that . please send me your information so we can rectify this .
hey <USER> we are so sorry about that . we will follow up as soon as possible
give us a call or send us a message with your info and we will look into it for you .
we are very sorry , here is our compensation details <URL> .
sounds great , eaten separately i hope .
we don 't have a answer for you on that either <USER> , if you share the concerns at this <URL> i 'll pass it on to other people .
we 're terribly sorry you feel this way . could you explain to us what issue you 've experienced ?
glad to hear it ! thanks for sharing !
we have responded to your message <USER> , thanks .
we 're happy that you appreciate our work . :)
we 're sorry to hear that . please send us a dm and we 'll help you out .
we do indeed ! we have level 3 available in decaf :)
i 'm so sorry about this . please let us know the bus number and we will let our team know .
send me a dm with your order number and we can look into this more !
hank you for bringing your issue up to us . we 'll dm with an update
thanks for your comments ! we 've passed them on to the team . :)
we are sorry for the confusion . please send us a direct message with your email address so that a new code can be sent promptly .
hi <USER> , please dm us so we can look into this for you
we agree with you on that ! get more infor on our website
hope it brightens your day
we 're sorry to her you had a bad experience . send us a dm so we can make it right .
the ds4 doesn 't have these abilities , but we 're working on an add on in the future .
we can never judge anyone for that now
we 'd be more than happy to assist you . send us a dm with detais .
hey , that 's great ! keep up the good work .
thanks ! maybe it could be a incombatability issue ?
i am missing part of the info to look into this . please dm me your email and order number so i can handle this .
dm us for further assistance .
find tipoff time and more game info at our site .
you can find our locations here <URL> .
go team ! ! thanks for supporting us !
we expect them to start arriving next week .
provide me with your phone number and contact info via dm so i can look into this .
that is awesome to hear ! we hope you enjoy your new nikon j5 !
let me check with our network specialists to see if there are currently any technical difficulties .
please refer to our update policy to see why you are charged
oh no . please dm me so i can review your account .
that 's awful . get in touch with us and we 'll be glad to help .
you can find a local distributor here to help you with that . <URL>
we appreciate your support . yes i am proud too .
it was signed by someone on the 13th , have you checked with the people who live in your home ?
we are sorry for your experience ! please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
so sorry to hear that . could you dm us with further details ?
here 's a link to our warranty info !
so sorry to hear . please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can meet your needs .
please dm your info and we will get it sorted out .
thank you for your feedback
we are happy to be sponsoring the marathon , we hope to see you there .
we have passed your details on to the appropriate department .
we stand by our buyer protection .
can you tell me what your problem is ? and we will also contact the store in question .
thanks for the question <USER> ! it would be very easy for us to verify this information for you .
so glad to hear this ! :)
we are glad to hear you had a good time .
we are sorry to hear of your issues , please call us at <NUMBERS> so we can reach out to you .
you can read about it at <URL> .
what kind of exposure ?
our sizes only run to 12 , but i will definitely share your request with the product development team .
our team appreciates your support !
would you like us to send you a tracking number for your package ? send me a dm and i can help .
wow ! that is a lot of t-shirts , thank you for the shout out !
watch bands will be available at retailers in canada , but not on the toms website .
whoo hooo
i am sorry to hear this ! dm me your contact info so we can help you out .
i 'm sorry to hear that you are having a bad experience . i have gotten in touch with the brand to find out the reason for the delay .
hi , i 'm here . would love to make this better for you . please dm me so we can see what can be done .
yes , a silver bracelet was found . please contact emma to collect it . if you can 't get in touch with her , please send us a dm with your name and phone number .
okay , i 'll be glad to help you with that . can you send the details of your visit to the following address ( @email ) ?
i apologize for you frustration , please send me a dm and i will help you out .
hey , sorry to hear about your delivery issues . can you send me a dm with your tracking information to see if i can help ?
please dm us and we 'll try to figure out what you 're trying to tell us .
sorry it took us a bit of time . in the future we are here to help , just one dm away !
no job is too big for us . please dm your name , address , and phone so that we can further assist you .
please allow me to assist you <USER> , i apologize for the delay in your account closing .
i 'm really sorry you 've had to wait so long . can you direct message the details of your issue and i will help you with it ?
we love our customers and treat them like family !
you 're too sweet !
send us an email with a picture and phone number and we will look into it .
we 'll get you up and running again though
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
fantastic to hear . let me know if i can help .
thanks for the shout out .
we are so glad to hear ! thank you for your help !
hey there <USER> , thank you for the feedback , we 'll be sure to pass it on to the @theqarena team , go cavs !
that 's cool ! thanks for sharing the positive vibes !
so happy you visited . thank you for the amazing feedback :) we hope to see you again soon !
check your dm for references .
hi there ! please call our computer product specialists at <NUMBERS> and they will be able to assist you with finding the monitor you are looking for .
please email us pictures and customer service will look into this
hi ! please dm us with more info and we 'll get back to you right away
i 'm sorry your concerns were not addressed . please dm me so i may personally follow up .
lord of misrule will be up around christmas time :)
we 'll have them in our shop on september 29th !
i 'd be glad to assist you with this !
can you please elaborate as to what issues you have been facing ?
the new services will blow your mind ! what would you like to know ?
please allow us to look into your issue , please call <NUMBERS>
we don 't blame you at all . have you been on a test drive ?
it was a mistake on my part ! i 've added you back .
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
<USER> we are sorry you are having trouble contacting a representative . you can either use the following options to speak with someone live , or dm us with further details so that we can help you . thanks so much for reaching out .
i have sent the information , it is a 30 minute drive and my trip has me exhausted , any way to deliver that tomorrow ?
thanks for your support . go #aus !
thank you for sharing , we love this !
awesome . san diego is beautiful .
that is not good news ! better yellow than red though !
if you send me order details through a dm i would love to get to the bottom of this !
thank you , we think you are fabulous ! #coffee4ever #coffee ps . you just won a vintage tee !
this is not acceptable , we are sorry , please contact us at <E-MAIL>
wow , way to go ! you 're an inspiration to all of us . #motivation #patientengagement
that sounds like a wonderful time !
make sure to catch us live .
i apologize for your experience with the company , sometimes errors do occur within our system and your package may have not been scanned as out for delivery .
you can see if you 're eligible by pre-ordering from our new device .
hi <USER> - were you attempting to access the site from a device ?
did you check your spam folder
can you give me your order number so i can look into this further ?
dm us your contact details so we can help you further .
apple pay should work for you again , reach us at <NUMBERS>
can you dm us the store number ?
we 're so sorry , <USER> ! which location are you staying at ? please send us the details .
well you 're in luck ! there will be new better ones that will be out soon . thanks for your support !
you make a good point , <USER> . i 'll pass it along to our marketing team .
thank you !
you can read about our compensation here <URL> .
sorry about that . dm me your order number and a list of what you received .
can you dm the plan in question so we can look into it further ?
i 'd love to help if you can dm me more info !
thanks , we will share this with our team .
with so many styles to choose from i am sure we can find something that you will love !
that company didn 't provide you with good customer service . you can send us a message and we will assist you .
please email us so we can help you further .
can you take it into a lush store ? maybe they can help you in person .
we have corrected the problem . you can tweet back with anything else we can do .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
we let the warehouse folks know !
he looks chilly !
please let us know where you shop so we can look into this .
im sorry you did not get the reward to enjoy a free drink on your birthday . can you send a dm with the email on your account so i can get it resent to you ?
please send us your mailing info .
please dm me your personal information including delivery address to receive further assistance .
what is the error you keep getting . you can dm us for more details .
we are sorry your experiencing delays but we are very close to resolving the issue if you can just bear with us .
hi , thank you for communicating with us , please send us a dm and we will help you .
distressed with your poor experience . please provide more info about your concerns . call at 1-800- 000-000 .
great !
thank you for the photo , we appreciate your loyalty !
thanks !
where are you currently waiting please , and i 'll get you an update pronto .
we had an amazing time !
thank you . we think so too !
how pleasant for you ðŸ‘ ðŸ¾ ðŸ™‹ ðŸ¿ .
sorry for the delay due to signaling problems .
hey there ! if you follow us , we can look further into this .
yes . it will be available for pick up at our retail location .
thank you for the love ! we will pass your gratitude to @merryhillush
you 're welcome ! take some great shots and make sure to share them with us !
yep , our greenwood store opens on may 18th . see you soon ! :)
please dm us . sorry for the inconvenience .
let out customer service know so we can get your order ready for you .
we are very sorry for our poor communication . in this instance we will extend eligibility for these points for one month . the points need to be redeemed within one month . thank you very much for your patience .
you are welcom and thanks for reaching out !
please feel free to contact us at <E-MAIL> . thanks for reaching out .
we are sorry , safety is our priority as well as service , please visit us at <URL> to report your issue .
there is a premium lounge that you will have access to .
hi <USER> at this time that is not included
yay ! we 're happy you 're happy ! :)
do you have a case number so that i can look up the history and so that i can quickly resolve this issue for you ?
i will pass this along to a technician and will be in touch with what we find out .
yayyy lets go team
thanks for your inquiry . please dm me with your order number so i can investigate .
that 's not the experience we want our customers to have . please dm your order number so i can escalate this matter for you .
thank you for your kind words , please dm us the store details so we can ensure the right person gets your message
we are so happy to hear ! thanks for sharing .
anything is possible right ? !
we will be looking into the situation .
call us at <NUMBERS> and we will assist you with finding that information .
wouldn 't that be cool ? alas , a bespoke shoe isn 't something we do . maybe a good idea for the future !
glad you like them !
that is so fabulous to hear ! thanks for the positive feedback !
i had to google what mapquest means as a verb .
thats what we love to hear !
sorry for the trouble . please dm me with you phone number , address , and confirmation number . thanks .
i 'm your biggest cheerleader rosie ! !
hello there ! i 'd be glad to assist you if you would like to send a dm with product and purchase details .
our current aim is to install meters to as many homes as possible .
sorry to hear you 're having trouble - please dm me your details and i 'll look into it .
we are sorry to hear of your experience . please dm or email us at <E-MAIL> for further assistance . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
sorry but any order placed before 03 * /
plase call 550 and speak with an agent for more assistance .
sorry to hear that you got caught ! if you could please list it on our hazards website at <URL>
this new information should hopefully change your mind <URL> .
we will make sure the network is improved .
congratulations ! check out our insurance , it 's pretty affordable !
we will be following up by the end of the day .
we will get this fixed for you as soon as possible . is there an easier way to get a charger to you ?
i will pass that information along to our technical team . please provide an email address or phone number so that can contact you with their findings or if they need more information .
i would love a chance to show you some of our vehicles . contact me .
we want to help you ! send us a dm .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
please dm us your detail and we will look into it immediately . sorry for the inconvenience .
it seems like your internet speed is slower than usual , let me check your area for outages .
sounds good to us !
we will look into this for you . send us your repair id to <E-MAIL>
i ' send you an email with a corrected link .
sure , i can do that . give me your account details in a message .
i have checked and there is an issue but expect it to be resolved in a few hours , please check back
hmmm ... have you tried <URL> ;)
hello , please send me your email address along with the date of the order and i will find the status of the order . thanks !
we have temporarily disconnected it and anticipate a re release in early 2018 .
wonderful ! have a great day !
yes , it 's still totally unlimited ! :)
your flight was delayed for safety reasons . it will depart when it is safe .
please send us a message so we can troubleshoot this for you .
please send your contact information so that our quality assurance team can contact you .
so sorry for the lack of service . we know it 's frustrating . our team is working around the clock to get our towers back in operation .
please send us a dm on the issue and we will respond asap
we apologize . you can fill out the form on our website and we will look into it for you .
dm me your order details
lexus would love you to come check us out
so sorry to hear about this :( let us know if we can help you at all . we need you to dm your account details .
what is the problem ?
hi ! wakefield is indeed open today - let 's get learning !
this option will be back in stock on december 1st
hi <USER> , very sorry about this . we are working as hard as we can to make sure you can depart asap . thank you for your patience .
i am sorry for the delay and know that we are doing every thing we can to resolve the issue .
so happy you love them
hi . i 'm sorry there 's an issue . just to clarify so i can help you better , are you saying that you received your booklet by mistake ?
we certainly will , preorder is available now , can i help you with the order ?
please contact the specific hotel you would like to stay at for assistance .
you are very welcome !
thank you <USER> !
hi , if you could send us your order number we can check it 's status .
we are looking into the situation
sounds good ! glad i could help !
i am sorry that you had this experience , are you familiar with our online booking options ?
you are right , that is too long . we will look into why it is so inefficient and improve it . thank you .
please reset your phone and see if the issue is corrected . if not , it may be a hardware problem .
aw , i didn 't think you 'd remember ! seriously , though , come to the front desk for some birthday coupons
i 'm wondering the same thing ... i hate when they make us wait .
thanks for the great feedback !
there is a scheduled run after the concert . it will be by the load-and-go .
we 're so happy to hear that you love our customer service
log in @cavswgunited to get more information on ticket availability you can also visit us online or call our 1-800 number .
our customer service can be reached at <NUMBERS> and <E-MAIL> . we look forward to hearing from you .
it sure does ! thanks for enjoying !
here 's an address that goes into details about joinging . <URL>
we 'll pass your query along to our business team to get in touch with you and offer some assistance .
thanks for the statuesque #qassist
thanks for waiting for the product to be available . you will be contacted upon its arrival .
thank you for letting us know about this issue . we would love to help . please tell @sylogum to reach out to us directly so that we can best assist .
contact wyndham rewards directly for more assistance at <NUMBERS> or <E-MAIL> , please .
if it isn 't listed , it is most likely a small delay and will be cleared easily .
sorry that you 're upset . is there something i can do to help ?
hi , please dm me your name , delivery address , tracking numbers , and the phone number . i will look them up for you .
it works best to use our app on a mobile device . send us a dm if you need more help .
oh no ! hope your day gets better .
just dm a screenshot of your receipt so we can point it out for you .
i understand your concerns ! you will not have to pay for other features if you opt out in the user control panel .
thanks . it is important to all of us and hopefully something will be done .
we aim to please our customers .
thanks for your feedback ; we greatly appreciate it ! we will forward your suggestion to the appropriate department .
if you send me your telephone number through a dm i will investigate your service issues .
i am sorry we don 't sell , rent , or service water heaters , please visit our sit for more info .
i hope you were compensated , if not dm me your information .
oh dear . send me your contact info and i 'll have someone get in contact with you .
we love getting to chat with you , <USER> ! thanks for the lovely comments !
blockbuster polos never go out of style , you know . :)
i am sorry you are having trouble . i will be happy to help you . dm me your info and we will get you back up and running .
2 of our runs were not in service so we are running short .
awesome ! that sounds like brightside bubble bar .
we are so glad to hear our product makes your day brighter and simpler ! thanks for using !
we will definitely investigate , we never want to put anyone in danger due to speed .
looks so tasty . we 'll have to copy you ;)
awesome ! enjoy !
thank you for contacting us , the bundle will get finished depending on the usage you give it , please send us a direct message so we can verify .
yes , your mobile orders should count . send me a dm with your order number and email address and i can help you .
please let me direct you to the proper department
awesome picture ! glad we can make your experience better .
we 'd be more than happy to help . congrats <USER> ! you have great taste in coffee .
direct message me your policy number , and i can look it up for you .
sure , you can email us here <E-MAIL>
thanks , enjoy !
what was the ticket number that you provided when you sent me an email <USER> ?
if you tweet this to the customer service department , they will be able to help you .
yes . or by text too .
its for security reasons that we do not let the website handle that only a live person
this is a new broswer that works with fb . you can get invite instantly !
no need to . we 're glad to hear it !
glad to know that you think we 're doing a awesome job =) .
can you please give us more information on the problems that you are having .
thank you , <USER> ! we will get back to in a few !
that 's very unfortunate and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience . please dm me your details so we can look into this personally for you !
i 'm sorry to hear that ! can you dm us so we can help you further ?
hello <USER> . sorry for your experience . please send us a dm or an email to <E-MAIL> so we can work out the problems .
that 's great to hear ! we love to make our customers happy !
sorry for the frustration . please send us a dm with your logmein id so we can help .
the invoice number is in the top right of the invoice . send email if you need any more assistance . thanks
thank you for that information . i will get this information to customer service so that we may better assist you .
they can be found here <URL> .
interesting suggestion , i will pass it along !
we want to help you get paid for your troubles ! send us a dm .
you will need a clip to get full access .
our apologies , please dm or email <E-MAIL> so we can help you .
if you contact customer service they can assist you with your refund .
what is your number so i can check it out .
so sorry you 're having trouble reaching us . which number did you call ?
please send us a dm so we can provide you with further information on apple watch 3 .
that does sound delicious ! thank you for sharing !
sorry to hear that , can you send more details to <E-MAIL> ?
dm us your complaint and we will pass this info on .
i am sorry but we currently do not deliver to serbia
ooh , lavish ! hope you 're enjoying them !
apology for the issues you 're having , could you please go to <URL> to chat with a live customer support agent .
make sure your photo is clear and that the signature on the front of the check is clearly visible . if this doesn 't work , i will need some more information about what you are seeing during each stage of the process of making a deposit . please call our customer service line at 1-800- xxx-xxx .
there ares tyles that come and go , but we have some awesome products that i 'm sure you will like .
i have responded to your messagw
completely understandable . i 'll let the station management know .
you can contact customer service at <URL>
i 'm sorry to hear that <USER> ! please dm us your delivery address , tracking info and contact so we can look into this .
they are the best . you will love them . cheers
glad you had some good service !
oh no ! this is terrible news . i will be happy to help you out . send us a dm .
they will be available in september and you can check them out for updates at @cavsteamshop
traffic is currently on that route .
the best available are probably your best options for the remaining tickets .
we are stocked in other markets please check out <URL> to find the nearest store .
please dm me your address so i can figure out why the site is giving you trouble with your order ! thanks !
hello ! there is no midnight released planned by keep posted !
according to records the opening makeup party is the same night .
i can get more information to you about that please dm me your number so that a call can be set up or you can find a quote online here <URL>
we 're so sorry to hear about your troubles . if you send us a dm we can help you even further .
please send us a private message . thank you .
hello , please dm us your contact information so we can resolve this .
unfortunately , we are unable to track that particular number . would you be able to send your message again ?
congratulations on the baby boy !
there is unfortunately no lounge at sfo .
sorry but it just is not possible , you can stay up to date at <URL> .
oh , no ! please dm us so we can look into this and help you out !
this is a automated message letting you know your issue is being looked into .
we 'd just like to check if it is a quality control issue . if you do not have it available we can send you a coupon for another bag . please dm us your contact info .
i say keep on the look out ;)
unfortunately vouchers cannot be combined with the 10 % off sale .
we are sorry to hear this . please contact us at <NUMBERS> .
we don 't have that information for the public but there will be an announcement on the availability of all devices in the future .
hello , sonia . dm me and we will go from there .
sorry to hear that ! here 's a link to the sm pack , which is a similar plan you might be interested in !
could you share a bit more information so we can properly help you , which country is this located in ?
no problem . if you 'd like to help us by providing feedback , please complete a short survey at <URL> !
we are happy to hear that you enjoy the food . we apologize again for the delay .
we appreciate your info !
that always makes for a nice time !
we will refund you for this issue , what was your flight number ?
the website is currently being check to see what problems are occurring . you can check again later to see if the problem has been resolved .
thanks for sharing with us , <USER> !
hi there ! here 's the link . <URL> under tkt type
i am sorry can you dm me with your question . i would be happy to assist .
thank you for this info
we are very happy to hear that and look forward to seeing you again .
i can look up the estimated delivery time if you 'd like
reach us at 800 - number for that info .
we are sorry , please give us feedback so we can get better <URL>
we are working on it .
please call us directly to see if we can further assist you .
the information concerning the champs logos can be found at @cavs and will be udated the end of the month .
i am not finding that model in our us database . where do you currently reside ?
no problem , happy to hear it has been taken care of . let us know if there is ever anything else we can help you with .
sorry to hear you 're having a bad day , please let me know your reg so i can check the status for you .
i would love to help but as of right now unless you have extended warranty , there is nothing we can do with that . though we would be happy with helping you pick out a camera that is a bit more water proof .
sorry youy 're having problem connecting with us , shoot an email to <E-MAIL> and let 's get this taken care of for you !
we can better answer that once we have all the information about the product .
did you have issues trying to order online ?
definitely proud to be a #qlder ! thanks for the support ! <URL>
please bring proof of purchase ( such as a receipt ) and the unused product to the store from which you purchased it . a representative will be there to offer you store credit !
the restocking date is still tbd at this time , we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause .
hi ! the toms on the catalog front were not for sale , but you can add designs to your canvas classics like our team did to your own liking !
hello , you need to ask when you go to the store .
glad to hear ! please don 't hesitate to reach out in the future !
let 's use your first and last name to see if that pulls anything up about your order .
i have sent you a dm with more information about the situation . thank you .
sorry to hear you were not satisfied . please provide me with additional details on what you are not satisfied so that i may look further into this .
i would be happy to help you if you send me a dm .
hi <USER> , thanks for letting us know . on occasion heating and ac do activate at the same time during normal operation .
thanks for the feedback !
i can include that for you . no problem . we appreciate your patronage .
those areas are " wind away " zones , so we charge a low flat rate in those locations .
we all have our own thoughts about how things should be done !
hey , can you do me a favor and let me know how everything goes ?
sorry for the unusual noise , there is maintainance work going on
we are glad you are part of the sprint team !
sorry to hear than . we can all relate i am sure .
1
it would arrive in february if you ordered it today . for more specific information go to <URL> .
sorry to hear this . my @vmbusinesshelp colleagues will assist you from here .
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
hey <USER> ! please send us a dm and we can look into this .
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please contact us at <NUMBERS> for further assistance .
sorry i couldn 't be of help , but i will ask our product team if they have anything with a black connector in the pipe line .
we are so sorry to hear that . what in particular about the product did not meet your expectations ?
we can 't wait to hear what you think about it .
we will look into this now , thanks !
thank you for cheering us on #aus . lets bring it home !
yes , that works too
please dm us your phone number or email and we will have a real live person help you shortly .
hi , we now have a new customer care page : @iwcare . a team member will be in touch with you shortly to help you with your query .
thank you ! glad it makes you feel good .
this is actually a typo and will be corrected . the flyers you are getting will be the same weight as the ones in the sample pack .
please dm your tracking and i 'll look into it !
we are happy you are the joining the spring family . please check back on our page for updates !
hi <USER> , we 're so sorry , we have sent you another message .
so sorry for the delay . please give us a day or two to process it
thanks for your feedback . we are so sorry for this . may i have you mobile phone for look into this case ?
i do not know off hand if the limited edition band will come back but feel free to explore our other bands that apple sells .
i hope it warms up soon !
that 's awesome !
you can purchase our coffee at your local grocery store as well !
dm us with your feedback and email address .
unfortunatly , this can happen with the gluten free bread but we are putting alot of work into research to resolve the issue .
it 's ok . we 've got other delicious chicken that you can get your hands on <3
dear <USER> fedex still loves you . :) if you send me a dm i will do my best to find a solution with you .
i understand , i just need a few of the details from the order so that i can access things on my end . hope that helps .
oh no ! we 're so sorry to hear about this . send us a dm so we can help !
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to look into this and straighten it out for you .
sorry to hear about this experience , natalie . please could you provide me more details in a dm and i 'll be more than happy to help . bev
please contact @blockbuster_uk for uk issues
thank you so much ! always great to hear from a happy customer .
we welcome all feedback , negative and positive
it sometimes can happen . please visit : <URL> for more details .
@payumoneycare will be able to help you and i am sorry for the problem .
glad you enjoyed it and have a good night .
certainly , you may do so any time you wish .
so sorry to hear that . has your problem been solved ?
you certainly can . we will honor all malm dresssers manufactured during the recall period .
i will pass the suggestion on and thank you for the feedback .
that 's not good news . please let us help . dm your information <URL>
glad to have tom this launch will be amazing .
so sorry to hear about this , safety is our priority though .
anytime , we are more than happy to help
apologies ! if you send us a dm with more info , including your name and member id number , we can assist .
it indicates you are using wind 's home network , sorry for any problems you have experienced .
if you follow us on twitter you should be able to stay on top of updates !
we will send you a dm about this . eek . certainly doesn 't sound like us . really sorry about that . we will get this straightened out !
i 'm sorry you feel that what . what can i do to help you ?
i have cancelled the order , we can create a new order if you wish
hi ! please shoot us a dm , so that we can discuss what 's wrong .
we 're sorry you 've been waiting but we 're happy to have you with us !
great job on the grades , we are so proud of you ! :)
hello ! you can check with our store locator @ <URL> , input the postcode & select crumpets !
that is a long delay , can i have your shipping order number for reference
looks like you had a great time .
you 're so welcome !
can you contact <E-MAIL> so we can resolve this for you ?
i am so sorry to hear this . @vmbusinesshelp will contact you soon .
thanks for the feedback , i have alerted the feedback team to investigate <USER>
the remnants of tropical depression harvey are causing some hazardous conditions in texas and louisiana . although backup plans are in place , service delays can be anticipated for shipments in those areas .
there 's a kid in my house doing this while texting . amazing !
thanks for the love ! :)
i can 't comment on the future releases , but follow our page to announcements .
we cannot ship to denmark , sadly . we have a toms store locator here :
please send us an email and we will be happy to help .
let me check with dispatch to see what 's going on and get back to you .
i know it can be frustrating , please get in touch with us and we can see what we can do
i 'm sorry you 've had a bad experience . if there 's particual issue you want me to look into , direct message me the details and i will do that now . i can also comp you with a $ 10 off credit for your troubles .
we aim to make everyone 's stay secure and comfortable . can you tell me where you were staying ?
we can fix this for you if you 'd just send us a dm .
we 're sorry to hear that . please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can help you out .
you are welcome . we have assigned a technician to your problem and he says that it will be resolved very soon .
yes i too am a proud #qlder
i apologize for the inconvenience . please contact customer care at <NUMBERS> to assist you further . thanks for your business !
so happy to help you . we appreciate the feedback
we can 't wait !
hello ! is there a board on entertainment for long flights ?
very sorry to hear this , can you provide us with a phone number so our help staff can contact and better the situation ?
we are sorry , can you please send the details to <E-MAIL> ?
i am happy you enjoyed the show !
glad you 're a fan .
we think you 're special also .
glad it all worked out for you ! :)
the suns are being screws out of a top pick since they have to wait behind 3 other teams .
please dm me with you order numbers and i would be glad to help you out . thanks .
this is very concerning to us . send a dm and we will be happy to help you .
i am sorry to hear this . please dm us <E-MAIL> for further help .
so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
dm us with your voucher issues .
i 'll let them know both requests :)
so sorry to hear this has heppened . let me know if i can help !
hello <USER> thanks for alerting us . we have a team working on it now .
go #aus sies ! ! #rio2016 win it all !
sorry to hear that , what is your number ? we will contact you directly .
we did , but we have a store now !
i 'm sure it will turn out great !
soon , we promise ! stay tuned @cavs <URL>
sweet deal .
it was quite a while ago .
sorry you 're having a bad experience . do you mind sharing what happened with us ?
thanks for notifying us ! we 'll pass along your feedback so the issue can get straightened out .
could you tell me what address you sent that to ?
we will pass the suggestion on but currently they do not .
email customer service <E-MAIL> to get an update .
big ups for the support !
around late fall 2017
we will work to fix this issue asap
if you 're on the computer the video is located across the top of the screen just above one of our lovely staff member applying superbalm ;)
is heavy metal your albums of choice ?
please give me the train number and i will look into it .
sorry to here about this , please message us so we can send you some extra screws .
sorry to hear you 're having issues ! is there anything we can do to help ?
it isn 't raining mashies .. yet .
glad you enjoyed them . your welcome !
that 's a beautiful shot ! thanks for sharing .
they are safe as the oils aren 't strong enough to cause any type of complications , just make sure the water is not too hot .
i will pass the information along if you would dm me your details .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
hello <USER> , our team will help you out soon .
could you send us your order numbers so we can look into this for you ?
this is worrysome
this is great to hear ! we hope you can enjoy the day !
we love you , too ! ! please continue renting from us
we will release the details later this summer so be on the lookout .
we are glad you enjoy the innovative yet classic design of the new lexus .
it is out for delivery , just running a little late at the moment
which code did you dial to receive this feedback ?
makes our hearts happy to hear this ! this is why we do what we do . thank-you !
thanks for your support
if you can dm me your order number and contact info i can pass this on to our customer care team to help you right away !
can you tell us if the chat has started ?
contact us via email for assistance .
can you give me more information about your initial complaint and i can look into it for you .
give me a moment to check the restock date . can i get the item # ?
thank you .
confirmation for your tracking info
that 's an excellent idea !
contact our team and they will be able to assist you
we allow a one time replacement free , can i have you address so we can ship it out ?
i 'm sorry you didn 't receive the notice .
reach out to our mobile team for spec info .
glad you enjoy our product !
you are the best , we love your business .
i 'm sorry for the inconvenience please contact our care team
no problem , let me check that status for you .
sorry to hear that . send me a dm with your zip code and nearest cross streets so i can check the status for you .
enjoy ! #boxfresh #supergalove
sort of :)
there will be much excitement to keep you busy prior to the sound check !
what would you say is your favorite feature in #lexussriracha ?
please reach out to customer service at <E-MAIL> .
this is not in keeping with our ethos of humble public service . i hope you will contact us at <E-MAIL> and allow us restore our corporate honor .
i 'm confused here , i agree a biz can 't be christian , but can a christian not run their biz according to their own ?
we are here to serve you . check your inbox for a message with details .
thank you for the positive hashtag .
goodluck ! i know you can do it !
thank you for letting us knows . send us a dm and we can look further into this .
sorry for the broken link . call us at the 1-800 number and we will further help you .
if you would send us a dm with the question we will be happy to help !
cool !
hello kitting . we received your message and are working to resolve the issue . thanks .
thank you for taking the time to share your review !
sorry to hear you 're having problems . dm us so we can help you out .
we are happy to hear that , let us know of there is anything else we can help you with .
we are sorry to hear about your trouble , please send us your contact information and we will follow up with you .
are the other images displaying properly ?
we have a few movie trailers that might be helpful
we do our best to do what we can :)
enjoy !
we have received your dm . going to reply back shortly . check back :)
so sorry . what can i do to keep your business .
sometime in december , keep a look out
it should be taken care of within the hour . thanks for your patience .
we hope so too ! please email <E-MAIL> if not .
if you would dm the code and rebate i can apply them to your order .
can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help out and resolve any issues .
i will check your account to see if you have anything scheduled . you did the right thing - you should have been notified in advance if anyone was scheduled to come to your house .
what email should i send the store credit to ?
so sorry about the inconvenience . please dm us a phone number to contact you directly .
that 's no good ! please dm me your contact info so i can look into this for you .
your reply is going to your dm . thank you .
we are so sorry to hear that ! can you tell us which dealership you visited ?
thanks for the feedback and we are glad that you like them .
hey there . can you send us a tracking number for your package ?
please accept out apologize and this 25 dollar gift card good at any kfc
it may have been the weather , it was rainy this weekend . sorry about that
hi , we are sorry to hear this , please dm us at @wind_cares team .
i 'm sorry to hear that you haven 't yet received a response . i have reviewed your ticket , and you will receive an email with further instructions shortly .
please send us a dm with the order number .
i have records that indicate that your orders have been dispatched . would you like tracking numbers for the them ?
give you the power to keep going !
we 're sorry we don 't have more . trying to restock asap .
it most certainly is and thanks for being a toms fan .
we just like to keep our customers in the loop with current account information , and sometimes that includes a zero balance . thanks for checking in with us !
can you please private message us , so we can help you .
good luck <USER> ! just stay calm , you can do it .
what 's going on , <USER> ? your safety is of the utmost importance to us .
we appreciate your feedback !
i contacted those stores and you will be be able to sign up . please forgive the initial confusion . do you have any other questions ?
we are so sorry to hear this , please send us a dm with more details and we will help you look into this .
today the train is cancelled due to shortage .
glad to hear that ! i hope you do well
we apologize for the problems you are having . please dm us with your email so we can help you .
send us this form so that we can address the issue .
you 're very welcome ! we 're happy to help !
if you send a private message we will be glad to help you with that .
check your email i have sent the tracking info
sure we have overnight shipping if that is an option you want to pay for
we 're sorry for the communication mix up . please send us a dm so we can help you work it out .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
i seems as if you will need to reset but be warned that it will delete everything .
yum ! thanks for visiting .
please contact <NUMBERS> and they will be able to assist you !
great idea !
glad to be of service . contact us with your order number and some details about your difficulty .
if you send me an order number we can look into either organizing a repair , refund or replacement for you . thanks for being a fan of toms !
hi ! could you provide the location and some details ? thank you !
we are sorry to hear about this issue , please contact us at <E-MAIL> or 1-800.446.1589 )
hi <USER> , can you send me a dm of your policy number so i can assist ?
you can purchase the phone from our offices .
hi , <USER> . we sent you a dm , please check and reply . thanks !
sorry for the confusion . how can i help ?
thanks so much for the support . it is much appreciated !
glad you found us . welcome aboard !
will do .
all available nkrumah heads are out to find .
i dare say you aren 't the only one <USER> !
we 're so sorry for the wait but we promise it 's being worked on !
this is the best ! ha !
thank you for contacting us <USER> can you dm me your policy number so that i can look into this for you ?
yes , just be sure to bring your receipt .
i am very sorry , please contact <E-MAIL> so we can fix this problem .
delivery is underway .
so glad you like it !
we love you too !
hi <USER> , sorry to hear you are unsatisfied , please contact us at <NUMBERS> so we can fix this issue for you .
i am sorry to hear this , please dm so we can assist you .
we 're terribly sorry about your experience . once we have a relevant update you will be the first to know .
glad you enjoyed the surprise !
good night to you too !
so sorry to hear this . which style did savannah like ? maybe we can help find something similar ?
i apologize for the inconvenience , could you please send us more details about your issue .
i 'm very sorry to hear about this experience . hopefully i can help you resolve it .
looking good ! thanks for sharing .
hello , please dm us your contact information so we can resolve this .
that sounds perfect ! enjoy !
you can find the details here <URL> !
i would be happy to look into this for you . dm me with your details .
yes ! you will love them .
thank you for reminding us what doesn 't work . we 'll address it .
i will try to remember that . thanks .
oh no ! please send a dm with your information and we can see if we can get that changed for you .
so sorry to hear this . can you please dm us so we can help ?
thanks for the heads up on this issue . we 'll look into it .
thanks for letting us know !
hello , please let us know how we can make the experience better .
can you give me your order number so i can find out what happened to the missing shirt ?
please dm us the details . it would be our pleasure to adress this issue for you .
these were sent in separate mailings to make sure you received them in a timely manner . the other 2 shirts were mailed yesterday and the tracking number is 9878786 5 and is scheduled for delivery tomorrow . sorry for the inconvience .
we do too . transparency is hard to come by in every market .
you can check out our full line here <URL> they all have similar comfort that you are used to getting from toms .
thanks for coming to the event and giving us your support !
we would love for you to join us on sprint ! follow this link <URL> to see our current promotions !
we are glad we were able to help .
nice , that 's the average goals in a game !
yes . of course they can enter as well .
that is an option that will be added soon , thanks for the feedback .
it 's a little cold , but not too bad . i 'd be happy to help if you have any concerns .
please dm us and we will be able to assist with your g4 .
i will check . no , i can 't see them . let me see if i can figure out a solution .
we want you to be happy . you may be eligible for compensation : <URL>
i apologize for the error , can you let me know what area you are in so i can investigate further ?
we have contacted the bus driver , thanks for the feedback
we apologize for this trouble . please send a dm with your contact details and we will resolve this .
you can return the set to your local store for an exchange
yes strollers are allowed but will be need to be checked by security first .
thanks . love you too .
we love our team too . thank you for the support .
we are very sorry , please email <E-MAIL> for more help .
i don 't think i understand your issue . can we help you in some way ?
we take these tweets seriously so thank you for your input .
please feel free to share what is messed up with your network , you can also check current locations for more info
you recharge succeeded per the last message you sent .
best buy should have the receipt .
check the email i just sent you <USER> thanks !
hey thanks for letting us know ! could you please dm us with more info ?
be sure to let us know if you get the job or not . good luck .
we are thrilled to have you as part of the team .
i 'm sorry about our employees behavior . did you speak to the manager ? contact me with details via pm please .
i 'm sorry about that . i 'm sending your case over to tech support who will follow up with you .
try this link out <URL>
there are other breads you may enjoy . thanks so much .
is there a problem with the app , your phone , or the waher / dryer .
how do you like your coffee ?
what did you have ? please let us know .
sorry you are having trouble , please contact us what you are encountering .
the address you need to post to is 2nd floor , college park house , 20 nassau street , dublin 2
thanks for the amazing support ! proud to be a #qlder too ! <URL>
we really want to help , our team that can help is not here at the moment but in the morning we can for sure help !
in the confirmation email that was sent to you after submitting your order , there is an order number . hope that helps !
sorry to hear that . can you please contact us at <NUMBERS> so we can assist you at your location .
i love the shots ! wish we could be with you !
no problem glad to help
our team will have answers for you , please call back in the early morning
we 're sorry to hear about that experience . for future reference , any time you are unhappy with your room , we will be glad to switch you to a new one as long as there is one available .
they should be there soon .
thanks for sharing !
just send us the order number and we 'll sort it out !
hello <USER> . i see you have been speaking with one of our reps recently . what else can i do to help ?
thanks for the love
i 'm very sorry for this , we will call the driver and see when the next scheduled bus will be .
it will not , i am sorry
can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
hi , sorry to here that your experience has not been great , send us a dm and we will be happy to help you .
thanks for the shoutout , <USER> ! have a great day ! <URL>
sorry for the inconvenience . forward me the account number and i will forward your issue to the resolution department .
this is awesome , service does matter
is it possible to use text in your design ? many customers use insta , for example , for instagram .
we are sorry to hear this ! please send a dm with the order details .
we appreciate you giving us this feedback . i have send your info to the proper team to investigate .
yes , this is totally legitimate mailing . our team has tried to reach you and failed .
sorry you 've had problems ! please dm me for further assistance .
we currently do not have a donation program .
you are welcome , you can never be too safe these days .
please send us your information so we can check into this for you .
hello , regarding the order , we have credited your order for the full amount for the inconvenience .
it is * 666 # option 5 . have a great day .
hello , <USER> . so sorry there was an error ! if you text " tfsstop " to 83080 , that should work .
can you please follow us and dm us <USER> so we can take a look into this , thanks !
good morning . we hope you are doing well . send us your proposal to <E-MAIL> .
release dates will vary by region , where are you located ?
hi there . if you could send your details to <E-MAIL> referring to this post , that would be great . thanks !
hi . suggest titles on netflix via this link <URL> .
