please contact dealer <URL> for further info .
have fun
you 're very welcome .
hello ! try 45926 and let us know how that works !
thank you for alerting us to this , i am reporting it now .
please send me your tracking number and delivery information and i will try to track the package for you !
of course you can go to the store to get that canceled .
you can go ahead and book it and we will issue you the 10 credit when you contact us
it is limited quantities available in store , but shipments aren 't expected until sept
contact our local customer support directly .
i 'm so sorry your shipment date changed . please give me your tracking number so i can check the current status .
hello <USER> sleep deprivation has totally caught up with the team , we 're checking into a hotel and going to sleep . sorry to miss you :/
ariana grande is currently scheduled to perform at 9:00 pm
we unfortunately don 't have any restocking info , but when we do we 'll let you know !
great quote and we 've sent a mouse pad as our thanks for the great show .
thanks for rocking the look glad they are comfortable .
<USER> thanks for reaching out and i am sorry to hear you are having a bad experience . if you visit <URL> you can see if you are eligible for compensation . i hope this helps !
this is not professional at all , we will punish this employee for this behavior
we introduced free you youtube to all prepaid customers during the 25th and 31st of december in the hours of 12am to 4am . it comes at a cap of 2gb .
thank you very much ! great working with you as well .
certainly . when should we call ?
i 'm sorry you 've had to wait so long . we ate available to assist you .
hello , please contact us if you have the 5 year warranty , for a replacement .
not a problem . i 'm glad we could get you back running again .
don 't they look great ? ? we 're glad you like them !
could we check your vehicle 's vin and see is there 's been a recall ?
i can forward this to emergency services , can i have the plate number ?
you should be getting your code in the very near future !
yes , you can see your benefits at <URL> , thanks !
we are sorry , we would like to compensate you for your trouble , please fill this out <URL>
please submit a picture <USER> to enter to win !
call us at 1-8- - - shop-cvs to receive more assistance .
i am sorry you were having difficulty . what can i do to address your problem ?
hey <USER> , unfortunately we don 't keep any copies on hand here , but there should be some still in the store .
what is your favorite thing to add in your bath ?
such an amazing day :)
yes they are entirely valid and usable by you the account holder .
aw , you 'll be 18 soon and we 'll be waiting !
we have some great madonna deals here ( and a free cape ! ) .
thank you so much for the kudos ! can i take your reg so i can pass this compliment along to the attending team ?
we 're sorry to hear that ! please go to this link and we can assist you better there : <URL>
can you send us a dm to see if we can help you ?
great job ! !
i 'm sorry for your long wait . please dm me the issue so i can help .
please send us a dm .
i love the ones made with soy milk !
thanks for the love !
hello <USER> eta is just an estimate . things can always be changed due do what is happening with other planes and the airport .
i just saw your email and will be replying to your questions now . thank you .
enjoy the time off !
sorry to hear you 're having an issue , please call out support line so we can you help you resolve this .
what a great feeling to have a year of driving under your belt .
send us a direct message after you follow us so we can help fix this for you .
we 're glad you 're having fun
okay let me take a look at this , someone will get back to you .
i am not understanding , what can i help you with ?
giraffes and penguins beat fancy any day ! #manchester10k
i 'm sorry , please dm me so we can get this resolved to your satisfaction .
well midnight is the following day . so i would check tomorrow , and if it has not gone through , please come into the branch you made the deposit at and we can figure out whats going on .
we 're sorry about the confusion ! here 's the proper email for our giving team - thanks !
you can also dm me right here on twitter and i can help , or email us here <E-MAIL> .
2 words ! customers ! employees !
messi is just getting started . time will tell .
thanks , <USER> ! yes they do ! so all credit goes to them . hope you 're doing well !
good news , crossland x is now available to view . find out more at :
we heart tokyo ! what is your best memory ?
great and glad i could help !
can you please fill out this form so we can make it right :
please try to restart the camera after clearing the cache . the instructions do to this are here <URL> . please follow up with any more questions you may have .
we should be replying within one business day , what can i do to help today ?
i have dm 's a link to that route , please confirm when you get it .
glad to hear that !
our link here will give you ideal measurements for every popular drink , enjoy and drink responsibly .
<USER> i am so sorry to hear this ! if you would like , i can find out what has happened and help you get everything sorted out . please tell me your account number and i will get this situation rectified for you promptly .
what was the name of the company ?
fingers crossed for great photos ! which equipment are you taking ?
that movie was not the best hehe
please return the package and unused product to the aldi store where purchased and they will assist you with this matter .
could you please provide us with the asin number of your device through dm ?
this is important for you .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues , including name , delivery address , tracking and phone number . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
please check your dm and see if tha thas solved your problem
i can look into this for you , please provide your order number and email
no comment .
thanks for the support !
if you can dm us with some more details , we 'd be happy to check it out for you .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
hello <USER> it 's currently impossible .
yes we do ! please send a dm with your mailing address
corissa , we 're sorry to hear that your size isn 't there . are you interested in any other colors ? we could also check to see when your size will be available .
please check out <URL> to get compensation for flight delays .
please call <NUMBERS> and one of our troubleshooters can help you figure out what 's going on . thank you !
hello , accommodations will vary according to the options .
you can check out our website if you would like more information on aldi locations nearest you .
what seems to be the problem ?
a member of our dedicated customer care will respond to you shortly .
we 're sorry you 're experiencing such frustration . can we help you further ?
please send us a dm your contact number for further assistance .
thank you for sharing this with us ! beautiful snap !
i 'm sorry about this ! we have some compensation options for you , please get in touch with us .
babies can wear shoes starting at birth .
sorry <USER> , this is unusual . please report this at <URL> .
thank you for the compliment ! so happy to have your support !
please send me the location , time and ate of when this occurred . i would like to research what was going on during this time .
<USER> that is not the experience that we want to provide you , can you dm me your info so we can send a voucher ?
we are sorry to hear about your delay ! that is no fun ! please message us and we could possible give you some compensation .
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
we can help you with that ! can you send us an inbox message or get in touch on facebook ?
thank you very much , glad we could help !
please contact <E-MAIL> for more support .
thank you for letting us know about this , please dm or <E-MAIL> us and give us more details - - we 'll do our best to help you .
can you dm me your reservation number and preferred dates and i will take care of this for you ?
we are sorry to hear , this is not acceptable , please email us so we can help . <E-MAIL>
sorry ! can you send me your order number so we can correct this ?
please dm us when you have a moment and we 'll check this out for you .
thank your in advance for your patience .
i 'm sorry , but our terms are set and cannot be extended .
really sorry to hear about this . we want to make it better please dm us or email <E-MAIL> .
we know that animal welfare is very important to our customers and we are currently developing and building or vegan selection
awesome ! good choice , i 'd say . :)
thank you for the support ! always great to hear ! #uptheblues
i am personally a fan of new balance , what sports and activities do you normally do ?
perhaps we can troubleshoot this . please contact @wind_cares .
thank you so much !
i 'm sorry you feel this way . please dm me to allow us a chance to turn this experience around .
please shoot us a dm and we can assist .
we currently don 't have that info , but when we do it will be posted live .
that is correct , please contact our customer service team and they will quickly get it sorted for you . be sure to add the details of your purchases so they get your bonus miles to you .
hi , <USER> . can you please send a dm with more details so that we may help you ?
you are very welcome !
id be more than happy to help you . just dm me your info and we can get started .
no , i am sorry but we do not .
ouch ! hope that wasn 't us you were talking about .
i 'm so sorry about that , please send a dm with your account information and store location .
thanks for sharing . have an awesome day !
thanks for the interest . we think we 're pretty cool too ;) check out this link to learn how to get discounts <URL> .
i have worked in refunding this order and you will receive a new credit .
hi ! you can enroll in the club program here <URL> !
i 'm sorry but you need to confirm with your local dealer .
im sure she appreciates the support !
what a beauty !
sorry <USER> , would you please dm me your contact details ( name , address , tracking , and phone numbers ) so i can help you .
have you tried google talk ? <URL>
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with your issues , including your name , delivery address , tracking & phone numbers . we are happy to help .
i would love to help you , please dm your account number so we can help you ?
try the d5500 . it 's lightweight , has touchscreen and wifi that is great for travelling !
so happy you enjoy our products and thanks for the business . cheers .
sorry but we do not offer site to store shipping .
hey <USER> ! please dm us and we 'll discuss this in full =]
thanks for the shout out
we are going to help you receive compensation , visit this website :
sorry to hear that . please send me information on your flights so we can give you compensation .
i would be happy to check on your status for you , if you would like . please give me you name , contact information and when the best time to call and we can get it taken care of for you . thanks !
we 're so sorry that we disappointed you . please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can find out what we can do to help .
please send us a message with the best way to reach you ( by phone or email ) .
currently we do not have a date but will keep you updated .
i can immagine . just relax and you will get through this .
we 're sorry to hear that . please contact @theqassist so we can settle this for you .
hi <USER> . i 'm so sorry to hear this . can you please send me a dm with more information ?
please contact our customer service team at <URL> . did you buy from our website or a store ?
hi there . were you able to resolve your issue ?
kindly dm us your details
sorry to hear that . please send a dm so we can look at the account .
we 're sorry to hear that ! please send us a dm or email for further assistance !
<USER> thanks for getting in touch , would you please send us a dm so that we can look into this for you ?
hi there , dm me the information so i can check for you .
let me look into this . can you provide me with the 4 digit bus number ?
please send a dm with the order number .
i appreciate you reaching out . i have alerted our team so they can address this issue .
as of right now we only offer the business cards this way . i will forward you suggestion .
ireside soap will be available until halloween ! sorry .
we 're so glad you could join us ! did you have fun ?
i 'm sorry you 're having such troubles , sir .
sorry to hear that , if you are able to bring them back in we can get you sorted out
great shots !
ok , dm me your vin and details on the repairs , and i will help you clear things up .
contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can look into this .
we do understand when you 're out of service , and we offer compensation !
we do apologize for this inconvenience . we strive to meet customers expectations and we are here to help . americanair would like to compensate you for your inconvenience in the delay and ask that you visit <URL> and file a case .
can you please specify what you mean ?
please send us your order number so we can find out what is going on .
i believe it will receive the apple airplay update !
can i have your tracking number please ?
hi , customer care @iwcare would be happy to help you with that .
let 's go aussies ! thanks for watching and supporting the aussies !
so sorry . can you please submit you contact info again and i will check it out myself . thanks .
looking great - glad you are enjoying our great deals .
we appreciate your post and hope to see you soon .
i 'm really glad to hear you liked it ! <3
sorry <USER> , we only allow 10 business days for shipping , so it should arrive soon .
there are some technical issues currently and we are working to fix them .
glad to hear it !
thanks ! we can help you find our first car <URL>
thanks for contacting us . what size are you hoping for ? i will pass it along .
oh no ! please dm us the store location and we 'll see how this happened .
i will write a note in your account and you can talk to the flight delay team when you return to the airport .
we are following you now , please send us your info so we can help you , thank you .
so sorry to hear that . can you send me the booking information so i can look into this for you ?
sorry to hear about your experience , can you message us so we can make sure there are not recalls .
would love to give you the free gift . please send your details via dm .
do you need assistance from us ?
what is your favorite product ? i can recommend a few .
hey ! as long as everyone had fun . am i right ?
it 's a hot mess !
please check out <URL> for service and repair information
looking at your plan it appears you have activated voice and data bundle at 20:13 33 last night . you can make a new change tonight when service expires .
send specific location details and we will look into this .
that order number is not showing in your system what 's the email for the account ?
add the shirt size you 'd like in your cart at checkout .
hi there ! we strongly recommend not to use the shower gels as a shampoo .
we are so glad we could provide that level of service to you .
can you tell us your bus route
unfortunately , the bt audio receiver does not possess this feature however there are a few better selected ones that would allow you to change the name . a few of them that you should check out would be bt br-c 3 , which i find amazing .
hello . thank you for reaching out to us . we have received your message and will proceed to assist in resolving the issue .
hello , if you call down to the front desk about this , there is a couple of choices for the wifi that should make your stay more comfortable .
you can do this !
we apologize for your unacceptable and substandard experience with us . we certainly take the quality of customer 's stays very seriously and will be looking closely into this matter . we respectfully ask that you contact us at this free line <NUMBERS> so we can make sure you get a fitting compensation .
we couldn 't agree more !
hello , if you visit this <URL> , you can see if you qualify for a rebate on part of your cost because of the delays .
i will check for network stability . what is your address ?
we 're sorry to hear that . can you dm us your email so that we can have a rep reach out to you ?
sorry . what specific issues have you been experiencing ?
we are sorry to hear that you feel this way <USER> . we are sure that our colleagues are doing all they can to resolve your issue .
( hey user ) , could you try refreshing your browser and then let us know if that fixes the situation ?
sorry to hear that . please dm me your phone number and location and i can check the status for you .
hi , we can 't change an order after it has been placed , please see the following for returns or exchanges .
i 'm sure we can resolve that for you . call <NUMBERS> for assistance .
we strive to provide stellar service here , i am sorry that this has not happened , what issue did you have ?
i 'm sorry to hear about your bad driving experience , what was the license plate number of the vehicle ?
share your interest with our product team .
thanks for your support !
hey there , can you be a little more specific in telling us what 's wrong ?
hello , thank you for reaching out . could you please dm with specific details about your situation , including your name and contact information ? i 'll look into your situation right away .
the forever plan is included in your plan . please message us if you have questions .
i understand your frustration , i need to have your information so i can research this further .
we have received your dm and will respond soon .
it is not a long term solution , most refugees coming are the ones that have lived in tent cities in jordan for the past few years .
what type of phone is this ?
hello - i am sorry to hear about your delay . if you are entitled to compensation for your flight i can certainly assist you .
we are sorry for the disappointment . please contact the mercedes customer care unit through our website : <URL> . we will attempt to remedy the problem .
hi , can you tell me the problems you are having at the moment ?
hello ! please dm us your complaint number and we can look into the progress .
i 'm so sorry to hear that <USER> , please contact us to let us know about this .
yes snacks and non-alcoholic beverages will be available
please send a dm with more info so we can try to resolve the issue .
we are very sorry , could you please send detail information when purchase was made and when you called and i can forward this to our warranty department to have them contact you .
our service team can address this for you . reach them at <NUMBERS> .
we are so sorry to hear about this experience . please send us an email at <E-MAIL> and we 'll look into this further for you .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues including your name , delivery address , tracking & phone number .. one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
gates open at 6 tonight , enjoy the show .
i 'm sorry to hear about your troubles . will you allow me to assist you in rectifying this ?
those purchases unfortunately don 't count towards the challenge menu .
hello , i am sorry for the delay , please send me your name and tracking number and i 'll get right on it .
amazing !
#yxyy is about improvised ideas as you describe ! . not anti-sxsw either !
we apologize for the wait . rest assured that we are doing our best to get you on your way .
hello <USER> . i 'm sorry we don 't currently have a cash option for store pickup at the moment .
thanks for your support !
thanks for the shout out ! we think those cards are super cute too !
we have the best customers !
we have worked on the issue . please restart your phone . :)
yay . westbourne motors is 5 minutes away from you currently !
look like great times and the new rovers are great for adventures too . check them out <URL>
ok , thanks for the info . we have sent details of your issue to our team . the ticket number is <NUMBERS> and they will be looking into it .
please dm us with your information including order number and we will do our best to assist you . thank you .
unfortunately , we can only support products in the usa . here 's a link to the proper support channels .
hi <USER> , sorry to hear you are having trouble , can you contact us so we can get your car back to tip top shape ?
glad we got you taken care of ! enjoy !
we 're so glad you love our device ! we love hearing from our customers !
sorry for you problems . please send me your contact info so i can help . thanks
hello ! thanks for getting in touch with us here , but please get in touch with our customer service team as well as they can better answer this question . thanks !
we welcome your feedback
we are doing our best on this end to find a solution to your issue as soon as we can ! thanks for your patience .
i 'm glad we could take care of your issue .
thank you very much for sharing our post !
i 'm still seeing it on my end , perhaps try a different browser and see if that corrects the problem ? thanks for the feedback .
thanks for your support mate . cheers !
we are so sorry for the trouble you are having tracking your lab coat . please send us a message and we will track your item .
congratulations on passing . when you look for a car , please keep us in mind .
sorry to hear you are having trouble with your headlights conrad , would you please either call us at 1-800- subaru 3 or contact us through this link <URL> thank you
send me a dm and i will look into this issue for you .
a red shirt is unnecessary for men 's cbb , i agree
lower rates will be effective jan 1 , 2016 .
give a good number and time , please . i will call you so we can figure this out together .
we 're glad you 're enjoying the show and hope you enjoy this season as much as the previous ones .
i feel the same way .
hi <USER> , we are sorry to here that you are having a disappointing experience with us , have you been given a reason for the delay ?
hell <USER> , please send your order number so that our customer care team can follow up with you right away ! thank you .
i am sorry for the experience , tuesday is our dumpoff day so they are not available for a couple hours in the evening
please check out <URL> !
thanks for the complement ! have you finished your christmas shopping ? i know im behind ! lol
i am sorry for the service failure . please send the details so that i can address this and get it sorted out .
we are sorry for the miscommunication surrounding your order . send a dm with your order number and we will do our best to resolve this issue today .
oh no , we appreciate your feedback <URL>
yes please don ; t hesitate to call <NUMBERS> and let us know if you don 't receive the help you are looking for .
what 's the problem . i 'm sure i can help you .
glad to help you out adam
we do not have an exact date . we will keep you updated .
we do offer an international us dollar card that may work for you - <URL>
we will be sending a replacement . check you email for confirmation . thanks .
we 're so sorry about that ! please dm us your contact info so we can get in touch . we 'd be happy to help .
can you please send me your information through dm ?
sounds good ! not the thursday game though ( conflict ) want tickets ?
apologies please dm us your details
thanks for your support ! ! ! #aus #basketball #greatest fans
yes of course it is !
thank you for providing more information . we have sent your response to our head of customer service and will contact you soon .
we hope so too !
can you dm us the dealer 's location and your vehicle 's vin number so we can look into this further for you ?
please dm us with the proper details as requested .
send us a message so we can help get you a refund .
please dont go ! dm us so we can assist you .
thank you for alerting us to this situation . we have alerted our network team to check on it and apologize for any inconvenience your are experiencing .
welcome aboard !
it probably is not anything you did . please let us know in 2 days if there is no change in your status .
we 've passed your concerns to the team and they 'll be in touch .
all of our stock is done locally . please reach out to the nearest location near you for details !
we completely agree and the issue should be fixed now . let us know if you have any further issues .
you should be able to do it now . we were updating things .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! please try again and let us know what happens .
yes ! go england
no problem will be here if need us !
you 'll need to email us at <E-MAIL>
happy to help !
one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
we will have more next week !
you can keep your sim card and you can alter plan after expiration .
hi , please check with your local dealership for a car check up . contact us for a reference number .
i can see in your file , that a claim has not been submitted . after you do that , it typically takes about 72 hours for it to be processed .
i am currently in a hot air balloon .
i understand . i 'm looking at your area for any issues .
we can help compensate you if thats a possiblity
please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can look into this .
dm me your account info so i can help .
did you purchase a amazon gift card using points ?
best of luck , hope you win !
sorry , we can 't .
if you need assistance , feel free to send a dm and we will be glad to help you .
i am sorry to hear about that . i will call the maintenance team and send someone to your room as soon as possible .
hello ! what are you waiting for ?
<USER> sorry to hear about all of that , let 's help you get compensated , file a case <URL>
please dm me your info and i 'll be happy to help !
i 'd be happy to help ! please send me the order information via dm and i 'll give it a look .
winter is coming !
we 'd love to help you locate your package . please send us a message with your name and tracking number .
we take cleanliness at our hotels very seriously . please send us the hotel you were staying at and your booking confirmation number .
i am so sorry , can you please call us at <NUMBERS> ?
you are right that it is important to be resilient . without resilience , it will be very hard to navigate and get through life .
in order for the code to work , you may not have sale , charity , or other offers in your cart . is that helpful ?
we have a corporate security team that works on these cases , let me give you there information along with mine so that someone is there for you .
we will keep you posted on further updates .
hey , can we rub your tweet for good luck ? heard you won on the euro lotto ! :)
sounds too good to be true ! enjoy the concert !
please email <E-MAIL> for assistance !
hello - please send me your account number . generally we mail within 3-5 business days and then it can take another 5 days for the postal service to get it to you .
we are excited for it to come as well .
let me get you in touch with our customer service department . sorry for the inconvenience .
please dm me the order info and i will look into it .
we would like to resolve the issue - please dm us with your account number and the store number that you visited so we can further assist you .
our largest store is in brooklyn , however our busiest store is in times square .
sorry for the delay . if you send me a dm with your details , i will look into it for you .
we are always updating our fans when new items come out ! stay tuned !
please send us a dm so we can help you deal with this issue .
dm us directly with your phone number and we will get a live person to talk to you .
ok , i understand , but what can we do about this
we have refunded your money back to your visa card
we 're so sorry to hear that . you can email us here <E-MAIL>
we 're sorry to hear this , please dm us the location of the store and we will help you .
of course , i want to help you , would you like to dm more details ?
send me a dm with your order number and i will check on this for you .
send me a dm and we will look into this .
can you please provide the return tracking number . unfortunately the pants are currently sold out in a size 29 , is there another item you would like to exchange them for ?
can you send me a pm with a good contact number and i could possibly pull up the information to find out what is going on to help you .
my opinion is that no he did not but another player number 46 caused the pk .
collaboration is awesome !
i am so excited for you . congratulations !
yes , please pm us your information and we can see what we can do .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
well , i am happy to announce we don 't and haven 't had plan signups for quite some time . please call me directly to discuss your issues with sprint and we will try to work them out .
yep !
thanks !
i apologize for the wait . i see one arriving at your location in about 5 minutes .
please bare with us while we make improvements
oh yes i am ! thanks !
you 'll have you show us your new outfits sometime ! ! !
thanks for sharing your photos .
thanks ! we think they are pretty great , too .
i am sorry to hear this . please send a dm .
thank you for the dm . i will relay the information . you can also dm the message and the phone number to @cvshealth .
we are working to restore this asap . please be patient .
feel free to send us an email at <E-MAIL> so we can look into this for you .
we can help if we get your firmware and device info
we would be happy to send you a replacement battery .
sorry about that but we are glad we are all on the same page finally .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
please dm us your contact information so we can offer you a certificate for the troubles .
so sorry for the wait . it looks like a bus just psat dufferin . are you ok now ?
great to hear !
#winallthetime
thanks ! always happy to hear we 're doing a good job !
contact us so that we can see about getting you compensation .
hello ! i have responded to your message and will be happy to help .
you are making me hungry
yes , please go to this website for assistance .
please leave your name and case number in the subject so i know it 's urgent .
our repair team is working on your outage now . i 'm sorry about your kids , but rest assured that your power should be back within the next 20 minutes .
the delay was announced clear , did you get moving ?
i am so glad to hear your problem has been fixed . thank you for recognizing the team member who helped you . again we are sorry for the problems you have incurred .
great to hear you had a fantastic experience !
hi , <USER> . i 'm so sorry that you had a terrible first impression of us . please let me look into the matter for you , could i have your tracking numbers sent by dm ?
we 'll have this resolved soon . i can try to check for you .
i 'm sorry to hear you are missing your love . have you been in contact with him ? when does he get home ?
hi , feel welcome to check this out with our team .
thanks for the update !
we are sorry for this , please send us a dm with the details of the products you are trying to purchase .
yes , you can either use a usb cable or just plug the card in directly .
if you click on shipping options , you will se the option to ship to your home .
sorry but store and online prices are separate and cannot be matched .
we are very sorry . please dm me your vehicle reg i 'll get one of our specialists who will be able to assist your needs !
hi ! i 'd love to look into this further for you , can you private message us your information please at <E-MAIL>
i 'm not sure . i 'll look into it and provide an answer .
thanks for the love !
hello , the pit package is $ 99.99 and the vip experience is $ 999.99 . prices are subject to change so pick up yours today !
great way to start your morning !
i 'm sorry you haven 't received a status update . if you dm me the order number , i can check on your order .
<USER> , lets take this to the dm 's and i 'll be able to look up your information with some personal credentials
i know . i can 't explain it either .
genius employees are key to our success in this competitive environment .
you 're welcome !
we 're so sorry to hear about this issue . can we help you in any way ?
please send me a screen shot or the error you are getting so i can investigate .
yes there is a small charge if you just check the fine print on your membership details .
nice ! thanks for the shout-out ! !
how long does it take ? i can reference that to see what the delay should be .
we have a wide selection , please navigate to the website and check it out
i 'm sorry to hear that it is so much later than the promised window . i will pass on feedback about your disappointment to the company .
i was able to contact the vendor and cancel your order . you should receive an email once i receive confirmation .
that should not be happening ! can you provide us with some more details ?
i 'm sorry to hear about your flight issues . however , you may be eligible for compensation . please visit <URL> .
looking good ! thanks for sharing .
we 'd like more info to help . please send us an email .
send us an email to one of our specialists and we 'll be happy to assist .
so sorry to hear about your issues . if you send me some information , i can research this issue .
we would be happy to help you change your reservation . give us a call at <NUMBERS>
you can sign up for alerts here <URL> to keep you up to date . the presale date has not been announced yet .
you 're a money saver now , <USER> ! we are right here if you have any more questions
please contact me at the phone number provided and i will look into resolving the issue .
sorry about that , please follow and dm the order number
i 've requested them to leave it for you .
most likely a pot hole issue .
we have just emailed you
if you send us a dm with your address , we can investigate further .
dm me your policy number and i will pass on your feedback .
hi phil , sorry you 're having trouble . i 'm tagging @vmbusinesshelp and hopefully they can get to the bottom of this for you .
they can only be found by using this link <URL> . let us know if you encounter any difficulties .
the official release date is for tomorrow .
our team is working rapidly to solve this problem
this isn 't what we like to hear . please dm us details about the situation , including your name and contact number . thanks !
i 'm so glad you are enjoying them !
we hope you enjoy your new tank ! drive carefully !
enjoy it
can you please send the details of your issue to this email address so we can get you sorted out ? thanks !
i apologize . i would still explain to the customers that the operator forgot to log off , and i will pass this along so that maybe we can post a reminder to the operators so that this doesn 't happen .
please let me know what happened so i can help .
i do not know let me help you with this
<USER> we are glad we could assist ! hope you had a great christmas lunch !
please reach out to @subaru_usa if you need assistance with the car .
we love to hear that <USER> congrats here 's a coffee tee for your thoughts , please dm to claim prize .
i am sorry to hear this ! please message us with your account info and we will see about getting you some new credits .
thanks for info . we have now responded to your dm .
interesting thought and i tend to agree but i don 't think it is that black and white . some creative strategy could get us there .
what can you see on the tv screen , is it still frozen , or can you press the buttons .
we reached put via facebook to provide assistanace .
hi , <USER> . for amex cardholders , fotl sponsored events should show amex pre-sale on sale times if applicable .
hi <USER> , this merch will be in stores in the beginning of march .
send additional details to this link please .
we certainly are ! thanks so much for your support !
have you spoken to a dealer already ?
we have high standards when it comes to our valued customers , i am so happy we have made your banking an enjoyable experience .
we love to hear compliment ! thank you so much for sharing :) )
we are working hard to make our service better . please visit @wind_cares if you require help .
i 'm so sorry for the inconvenience . if you send me a dm with your address and the name on the billing account , i can help .
sorry to hear that . is there anything we can do to help ?
can you dm us about your concerns ?
would you like to come in for a test drive yourself ?
here is the link <URL> . i hope you find it interesting .
if you still need help we are here . understand service isn 't always what you want . can troubleshoot with you ?
i know that they will be delicious .
we don 't want to see you leave , but understand your view . if we have changes we will announce here .
great album all around .
if you would kindly send an email to customersupport @ <URL> they will get right back with you and get everything set straight .
sorry for the price increase , we can offer you a 6 month free period if that is something you would be interested in
we 're sorry to hear about that ! please file a case here :
we do have a counter at the store , their hours are the same as the general store hours .
aww <3 thanks for for the shout out ! we love hearing from our happy customers . what pieces are you sporting today ?
you 're great ! thanks so much !
we have responded to your request for repairs . the information and details were sent to your email address .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
try following the steps here <URL> .
so sorry for your experience . if you 'd like to try a different route , please call <NUMBERS> and a member of our team can help you to find one .
i am sorry for this , can you dm me your information ?
thanks !
digital receipts are the future , please research them and let us know what you think
is this the number that ends with 145 ?
thanks for sharing this with us ! excellent photo .
you being satisified is our top priority . please dm me account details and i will look into this .
uh oh ! please bring it back to the store and we will replace it .
if you will dm me with your details i will check the area coverage for you . thank you while we work to sort this out .
oh no ! please contact us <URL> and we 'll see if we can make it up to you
can you please send us a screenshot ? we will pass this along to our support team .
all you need to do can be found here <URL>
send an email to <E-MAIL> and we will be happy to help .
hi ! thanks for reaching out to us ! i 'm not able to know for sure when , but if it still on the site it will be back soon !
its because of customers like you that we will be there soon .
i 'm sorry to hear that . please send us a direct message so we can help you .
we are sorry to hear this . can you dm the details so we can look into this ?
aw , thanks for the feedback <USER> ! what a wonderful comment ! i 'll share it with the rest of the team .
i 'm sorry no one is available to assist you right now . please wait for a response first thing tomorrow !
we don 't want that ! send us a message so we can assist you directly .
believe us , the wait is worth it !
we are working hard to provide you with the best deal at all times !
id love to make this right for you . please dm me with your info . thanks !
it ends this friday . thanks for asking !
here is you coupon on the house !
hi <USER> ! we 're stoked to have you on board with us !
i have contacted that store and if you return they will assist you .
we are so sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused . please send us a message so we can track your package .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help you out .
wonderful ! do your cats go on walks with you ? :)
hello there . can you forward us the email to us ? we 'll have a representative follow up with you .
we know . but keep at it because your dream car is out there !
we 'd be happy to ! a dm has been sent
please let us know which redbox the movie is from so we can remove from distribution .
yes , of course . any search for red link will suffice . cheers
we may take hardtails , which one are you interested in testing ?
that 's what we like to hear ! thanks for the positive feedback .
i 'm so sorry but after 2 years , the fund expire .
hi there , what seems to be the problem ?
i 'm sorry to hear the breadcrumbs are not what you want . remember that are brown loaf requires a very high temperature when making breadcrumbs . why don 't you try it again with a bit hotter oven .
unfortunately rates often rise with inflation . can you dm your policy number and we 'll see what we can do ?
please send a dm so we can figure it out !
we are very sorry to hear this , please give us a dm .
you can view new pics or videos by clicking on ' use data to see photot " , data charges will apply .
we do not want to lose your business ! please send a direct message with more detail so we can resolve this issue for you !
just happy you stuck it out with us
<USER> , thanks for telling us ! we love making you guys happy !
we are sorry , can you message us your info so we can look into this ?
oh no ! please dm or email us <E-MAIL> more info , so that we can help you out .
if you want to claim your details , please dm me and i 'll be more than happy to look into this .
<USER> we are sorry to hear about this and our friends at @vmbusinesshelp will be able to assist you . thanks for being a customer .
the pre sale is limited to that code , can i walk you through those steps ?
we are currently working to better serve that area . more info is available here : url
thasnk you very much ! our senior ops is looking into it :)
that isn 't what we want to hear :( please dm me and i would be happy to assist you
you can find the details of it here <URL> .
thank you so much for the feedback , cheers .
if you would like to discuss the issue further an account expert can call you directly .
once an order is completed it cannot be cancelled , so sorry
we are sorry to hear this , can you give us the details at <E-MAIL> ?
if you are not allergic then you can try this url . <URL>
i am sorry to hear this went poorly . we want to compensate you . <URL>
i am so sorry that this happened would you like me to reserve that at the closest location for you ?
glad you like it , hunt away .
please dm us if you would like any assistance .
i am glad you enjoyed your day !
we want to help you . tweet this on over to the @tmiecs customer service team ! thanks .
there 's a secret door in the back .
we will alert our buying team
we are happy to respond to emails within 24 hours regarding weft thickness / length .
look for updates on our social media or website . as soon as we know we let you know
great , i am glad you work where you have online access . i bet you will love them .
sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
can you send me your dm so i can contact you asap . thanks .
if you want to go for a test drive we can set it up !
drink lots of water afterwards , or you 'll have a terrible day tomorrow .
sorry to hear that happened to you . please contact us to further assist you .
glad that you had your first game at the arena ! we do have some bits of history and galleries around the area , but we 'll be sure to pass your feedback on to the crew !
we will look into it right now , stay tuned !
please contact the number for further assistance . thank you .
you are almost there and sorry that the placard wavers weren 't there .
we also send products to europe , it must 've been headed to france . it is exactly the same product , though - made in poole , just has a different label ;)
we 'd like to look further into this for you . can you dm us the details of where and when these issues occurred , and in what amounts ? thanks !
sorry to hear you are having trouble . if you try calling after 5pm you may have better luck .
can you tell me your order number and name and i can look that up for you .
please dm me with your tracking information and i will gladly look into this for you .
i apologize you are unhappy . please send me a dm and we will look into this for you .
they are amazing ! !
dial * 555 * 1 # , then select either double value or double delight . both of those plans will give you a bonus on recharge cards .
im so bad i will dance to selena while cleaning house lol
5 common culprits and solutions if your #lawfirm website in not delivering the traffic you want .
i would be happy to change that for you , it will be updated now
don 't worry your new card is definitely transparent and we like that you notice the details !
please check out @lgusamobile who will be happy to help you
thank you for the support ! #uptheblues <URL>
good day . is there still an issue ? send me your email with your home zip code . thanks .
if you dm me the details i will be happy to look into this .
please use the 500 number and we 'll be able to assist you from there .
thank you steven . to further assist you , please send us a private message at <URL> with your phone number and address and we 'll be happy to assist you .
we are aware of what is going on and trying to fix it .
bring me the package and unused product to your aldi store , they can help you out .
i would like to assist you with any problems you are having . sorry for the inconvenience .
thank so much for reaching out to us . we have our designated helpdesk working on this and they will be in touch with you directly .
thank you for be so patient . our technician is working on as we speak . it should be up within the hour .
we wanted to make sure you got it !
sure ! . buying credit for your tigoline or other tigolines has no fees , aside from the triple bonus ! same for buying credit for other networks !
sorry to hear that . please send me your account information so i can look into this problem for you .
we agree !
let us know if you notice a difference in the sound .
sorry to hear that :( if you send me a dm , i can help you file a lost and found case ( or click here to file the report on your own ) <URL>
please provide the bus number so we can service it
nothing like a good cup of coffee
have you contacted our customer support number 1-800 ?
what is not working for you ?
dm me your info please
thank you so much for the current praise we love hearing from our satisfied customers .
we do have flat fees .
before you go ahead and deactivate your account , we would like to make you aware that once you do , you will not be eligible to join again per our terms and conditions listed . if you wouldn 't mind me asking , why would you want to deactivate your account , is it due to problems with the app , or more personal reasons ? we might be able to offer alternative solutions depending on the reason . let us know , thanks !
apologies that you are experienced this . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
so sorry for your dissatisfaction but it may be as simple as updating the route guidance preferences feature . please dm us for further instructions .
thanks for the heads up , we will bring this up to our development team .
i 'm so sorry to hear that . please send us a dm so we can assist .
it sure does ! they are stocked and ready for you drop by and see them today if you 'd like :)
oh no ! sorry about that , we would never want to stop you from watching #soa binge watching sessions
we sometimes experience changes in our stock , due to brands changing their inventory . hope that clears it up .
please visit our page and email us for help .
can you dm me with details of your issues and i will attempt to help you asap ?
i 'm sorry you 're unhappy with us . please dm me and i would love to take care of this for you .
please send the item to this address 3913 8th ave brooklyn , ny 11232 and put a note with your name , the order number and exchange item along with the reason for returning .
hello from tom 's ! we 'd be glad to look into your issue if you 'd like to dm .
so sorry ! that 's not what we like to hear : o @reefhelp can help you out , send us a dm !
oh no ! please return them to the store for a refund .
it should run thorugh may 8th .
wow those are some sturdy shoes !
we apologize . please visit <URL> to share the details and we will look into this .
thanks for being a fan !
my apologies . i will forward this issue on up .
sorry about your experience . please dm us and we 'll try to help .
i 'm so sorry to hear this ! what was the problem you had with the product ?
we do not provide release dates
oh no ! if its not what you were expecting , let me see if i can help . what was so disappointing ?
thanks !
hi there . what can we do to help ?
by using our android and iphone app , you can also make last-minute reservations .
thank you for showing yor love
please follow me so we can dm . thanks !
be sure to check your email for the dm we sent you .
our support team can help you with this . you can reach the at <NUMBERS> .
we dont send people door to door .
thanks for sharing this , we shall turn this feedback to our marketing team .
we are happy to have it also .
gross , please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can make this right .
hello <USER> , good news , we have located your incident number <NUMBERS> , could you please shoot us a dm so we can look further in to this matter for you .
hi . i would love to check on your order . please dm me the order details .
you have #greattaste in coffee !
i purchased my tickets last month ! i hope to see you there ! @themakeupshow
im sorry to hear your having an issue with the clear coat . can you dm the best contact number for you as well as the last 8 of your vin so we can get this straight ?
@payumoneycare can help you more with your issue .
hello , <USER> , our team does know about this issue and it 's being addressed . thanks !
can you also get her id number
unfortunately , we don 't have that information on our end . if you reach out to the store you ordered through , they should be able to tell you more . congratulations on your big day !
way to go steve !
example ?
i 'm so sorry for the hassle . i will send your case over to our billing department for further review .
please contact customer service ad <E-MAIL> about your issue
hello , i can see your order here . it is now being processed at the warehouse in kentucky and is scheduled to be sent to the shipper in two days . thank you .
yes , please send us that information so we can help you .
hello . if you can give me a few more specifics , we can address your situation to help you get better service .
we hate to hear you feel this way . is there an issue i can help you with ?
currently we only do up to 100 people
sorry to hear this . please contact us because we can help with compensation for this .
sorry for the delay and we hope that it will be only a short one . thanks for you patience .
nothing can go wrong with k-cups haaay !
we aim to please !
can you send me a dm with tracking and i will forward it to the proper channel .
please give me your order number and i can assist you better .
oh , sounds like you will be having a lot of fun , stay safe .
alright , i have the correct location and i am putting in a fix-it request now . thank you for your help .
hi , please direct message me your address . and i will let you know .
they give me purpose and reenergizes me to reach for my potential ! i don 't limit myself .
perhaps we can assuage your anxieties by tracking your vehicle . is that something you might want to pursue ?
please check out the <URL> . dm me details to get compensation .
can 't wait to run into you there ! :D
the vehicles , most of them are automatic .
yes . can you call our tech support team on <NUMBERS> ? thank you .
do you have the order number ?
that is beautiful ! thanks !
your souvenir ticket will work as your ticket to gain access to the show so be sure to bring that .
so glad to hear this !
thanks for cheering on #aus #basketball ! #rio2016
we 're unaware of any problems ! can you tell us more ?
we 're sorry to hear that . please let us know if there is anything we can do to help you .
if you don 't want slippers , why don 't you look over the numerous other product options we have to offer ? maybe you 'll find something that fits you better !
hey , can you send us a direct message with your info so we can help you more !
we are very sorry to hear your frustration . we 'll make sure to share this with our teams to pursue further improvements , and thank you for your correspondence .
please dm your account info and i 'll check it out for you .
sure ! please do so .
i understand your frustration . which store location were you dealing with ?
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
hi , we are very sorry for this , please send a dm and we will be able to help you .
i see the problem . the system transposed the numbers for your tracking number . here is the correct number for tracking - x . the contact number has been turned into the customer service department as it looks like it was posted with the wrong area code . please try the new tracking number while i wait to be sure that this is the order you are looking for . if you do not have time right now , this is the correct contact number for your area - 1-800-356-8991 . is there anything else i can assist you with at this time ?
we are sorry to hear of your issue . please contact us at <E-MAIL> or 1.800.454.3509 for further assistance .
i apologize for the current problem with the phone system . it is being addressed . in the meantime , please send a dm with the problem .
hi there , i just forwarded your concerns to our customer care team . someone will be in touch with you shortly . thanks for the heads up !
please dm me your info and i 'll be happy to assist you further
what is the occasion , something special ?
those pics are great ! thanks for the fashion tips !
thanks for sharing your adventure with us .
im sorry your having issues can you check your dm so that we can continue to assist you ?
we 're positive that you can !
uh oh ! so sorry to hear about this . we 've increased the font size which has corrected the issues . your new set will arrive on 2/23 . please let us know if you have any further questions .
if you can give our uk team a call we will be able to help you better .
thanks <USER> ! see you next week !
all set !
we have a lot of great promotions for existing customers as well ! please send over your account number and we 'll see what we can find for you !
the power will be restored as soon as possible .
i will try ! thanks for the invite !
we have a few offers on the vauxhall corsa and astra , feel free to dm us for more information . good luck !
thanks for the feedback , that looks amazing <USER> .
thanks for the shout out :)
possibly , depending on the status and where it is .
if you can contact us at <NUMBERS> our specialist team will be glad to assist you .
sorry to hear you 're having problems . please dm for further service .
thanks for reaching out ! at this tie , we have tostero as our only umbrella cover and it 's currently not in stock . it should be returning to ikea stores at the end of april . hope this helps :)
absolutely , send us a message at <E-MAIL> and we will get them out to you .
i can see how you would be aggravated by this situation . what can i do today to help you ?
perfect !
please contact me personally if you have an issue with me .
we also hope so too !
hi there . i 'm sorry you 're having trouble finding a holiday for your needs . we have a variety of offers and promotions , i 'd be happy to send them to you .
you may want to contact ticketmaster to ensure that they take that payment .
the technical issues we have been having should be fixed now . please let us know if you have any other issues .
we 're sorry to hear about this . can you dm us with the store location and additional details so we can escalate this case to management ? thanks very much .
she is still under the weather but things are looking up .
please send us details so we can fix that up for you .
i can best help you if you can dm both your sprint number and your current location 's street address .
thanks for the feedback ! that 's an interesting idea and we 'll pass it on to our development team .
i 'm sorry there have been a few delays on the transit system , the next bus will be along shortly .
sounds great ! good luck !
looking good ! glad you love them .
ok , allow me one moment and i will have all of your options .
we have plenty of ways to make your cruise more enjoyable , would a discount or more activities meet your needs
yes you can . you can check out our website for all of the details . and send us an email to get you started .
we 've built a solution to get you compensated for flight delays <URL>
we are so happy to see you having fun with your lush bath bomb !
we are sorry , can you please contact us at <E-MAIL> ?
you are welcome , please dm me , so we can forward the information to them .
it can be used for any activity king , calls , activations , sms , etc .
we are so happy to hear you 're happy !
how can i help ?
here is your tracking information <NUMBERS> .
i apologize for this . please send a dm and we can further look into it .
hello ! we 're so sorry to hear about this . could you send us a dm so we could help out ?
i 'm sorry about that , please dm the details and i 'll personally check it out .
i have replied via dm , please check your inbox .
hello , hold on one moment while i look up the specs of that one .
you won 't run into many crowded buses in boise . ;)
unfortunately , this is not an option at this time due to api restrictions .
thanks for giving us a try ! we 'd love to get a bit more feedback , please dm us about your experience .
i have ran a search , there are ten in liverpool and eight in sefton , first come first server , they open at 9 am .
we are expected to start shipping in the end of september , have you preordered ? thanks !
as soon as we receive the product here you will automatically be refunded .
oh yes , looking good !
if you can provide us with the best time we can try again .
yes , you can !
we 're happy you 're happy ! happy easter to you too !
there is currently a delay in the european release , dates will be shared as soon as possible . thank you for being a loyal customer !
hey <USER> we are glad you are excited for the update . we are going to roll it out as soon as possible to all eligible devices .
yes , we will be waiting !
check here for our official statement on the matter <URL>
wow how very tempting . perhaps i will   .
hi there , let 's investigate this issue ! could you dm us with your account number so we may look into it ?
we are now following your account . please send us a dm with your contact info and a good time to call you .
sorry , but these are currently sold out !
ok , sorry about the humor , i just need it the most on that day .
yeah can happen !
sorry to hear about this . thanks for bringing the issue to our attention . we are working on getting baby changing stations in each of our stores .
are you seeing an error message ?
you can see all we offer at <URL> .
we only allow walk ups currently . there are still some seats available .
thanks for the talk <USER> again the reference number is * 18574579 5 we will be in touch
it looks as though it will not be sent .
sorry to hear that , can you send your info to <E-MAIL> ?
its such an hot item that we cannot keep it in stock , please sign up using your email and you will be notified when it goes back on sale
hi , i promise you that we are better than that . if you go to <URL> , you will see how great our coverage is .
i remember those , they were delicious ! our products , including the kids organic veggie tots , are only in stores for a limited time . i 'm sorry for any inconvenience .
you 're telling us ! lets make this right , sent you an update for ref <NUMBERS> in your dm
that 's awesome ! :D
oh no . please contact us asap .
ok send us a message and i will look into your account further to see if we can issue you some new gift credits .
we 're always happy to help out our customers !
we are aware that this is happening and are working are do to fix it . we appreciate your patience .
please confirm the apn inside your mobile network settings .
dm me your contact info , store info and issue to receive more help .
it is possible , let me look into it
sorry , we are working hard to expand , stay in contact for updates .
if you would dm me with your details i would gladly pass it on to a specialist .
sorry for the wait . i have your contact information and you will have your pictures soon . thanks .
we really want to help you that 's what we are here for visit <URL> to file a report .
the my17 will be on the website soon and it will have all of that information . keep watching for the update .
. please contact our colleagues in the us @lushcosmetics who will be able to look into this issue further for you .
thank you for the kind words about our product . the clearly youthful range has been replaced with an new improved formulation called in-your-face young . it is scheduled to be in stores within a month .
you are so welcome ! thanx for being a loyal fan !
what a nice way to spend the night , what movie will you be getting ?
noted , i will do that right now !
thanks for reaching out .
hi our support team would be glad to assist you if you contact them with your login information .
i apologize for the trouble that you are having . an refund was issued to your credit card this morning . if we can assist you further do not hesitate to call .
we are trying our best to fix it , please bare with us .
have not seen that one !
if its been stored too long there isn 't much we can do .
black crack on sale next week 50 % off ... shh
please provide more information
great decision to join ! you 're going to have an awesome time . enjoy !
we appreciate the feedback . we 'll pass this on to our reps .
thank you very much . that 's true .
<USER> the anticipation is killing us too ! we think you 're gonna love it !
thanks for the support ! go #rio2016 !
i am glad we can be of assistance
happy to help ! we hope to inspire others to do the same !
hi there ! you can copy your files by storing them in the cloud , or using the file manager icon in the logmein app .
hey there , what kind of trouble are you experiencing with the network ?
you can file a formal complaint by calling <NUMBERS> . thanks .
not sure but we wish you the best !
oh yes awesome
hey if you need any kind of tech support please contact us at <NUMBERS> .
i am sorry your brother is not happy with his results . please contact me directly and i will be happy to fully assist you . 555-555- 555 .
we are so sorry to hear this , please contact subaru
i will contact our shipping department . please send me your order number . it typically takes 2-3 days to prepare an item for shipment .
our development team is working hard on improving the website .
hi , i would be happy to help . what is your telephone number ?
i am very happy to assist you with this . we have various customer service departments to handle complaints . could you give me a few details so i can put you in touch with the correct department ?
disconnections can be for a whole variety of reasons . we have a reasons here : <URL>
i 'll make sure to pass along your request ! thank you for the information !
i will look into this for you and get back to you if you will dm me you r contact information .
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
your message was forwarded to our service and warranty . someone should be in touch with you shortly .
there is no fee for transferring credit to another user at this time .
that doesn 't sound good at all ! please fill in a customer comment report on our website , that 's the fastest way to get this sorted out . <URL>
thank you for the feedback , we will check this out asap .
no problem !
id love to make this right for you . please dm me with your info . thanks !
gorgeous ! <3
we 're happy you love it ! @janez_vermeiren @iamsivn
we 'd like to look further into this . please give us your name , address and a way we can contact you .
we are on it , yes access is still there .
we hate the new york times !
i 'm sorry for the inconvenience . keep an eye out for one of our buses going by , you can still catch one on your way . safe travels , <USER> !
snes classic was available for pre-order this morning ! stay tuned to our site for updates .
go to this sight <URL> for an example .
hi , we request you kindly contact the dealer for assistance .
thanks , please continue to keep me posted .
so sorry to hear that . please send us a direct message and we 'd be happy to help .
thanks for the inquiry . i have notified our service department and they will contact you soon . thanks .
i 'm glad ! please dm me if you need anything at all .
if you could try uninstalling and reinstalling the app that should fix it . if not send us a dm . thanks !
fantastic ! happy travels !
we are so very sorry to hear about this ! if you can email us at <E-MAIL> , we can look into this further . thank you !
no problem . happy to help ! ! !
i am sorry you are having issues , can you please clarify a little more ?
please follow up using this link so we can help you out !
definitely . we guarantee delivery by christmas .
the people entitled to presale ticket purchase were sent information on how to access the site . be sure to follow the instructions in the information you received .
oh no , i 'm sorry to hear it ! did you know that you may be eligible for compensation ? visit <URL> for information
if you shoot us an email at <E-MAIL> we should be able to assist you with this .
we have received your email . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
if you can message us directly then we can further assist you with the redbox app .
i am sorry to hear this . please dm me so i can get more details .
i have provided another code for you to try . if this doesn 't work please call me directly <NUMBERS> and i will take care of your order .
your hair looks fantastic !
i am sorry to hear this , <E-MAIL> so we can follow up .
the movies are priced according to age and demand of movie . please let us know if we can help you further .
this game got exciting !
we apologize for the inconvenience . if you send a dm with your contact info , we can assist you further .
this movie is not available , but check out what is upcoming at <URL>
let 's go aussies , let 's go ! let 's do it !
tell me what you are building .
no problem - please confirm the item you 'd like added and the details of your preferences ( how many etc ) , so i can get back to you about getting it added to your previous order .
expect it to show up at 9am !
you will love it
yes , please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
i can help you with t his , i send a link through dm , try that , i will stay on the line with you
we 're so sorry to hear this . please send us a message at <E-MAIL> so we can help further assist you .
we love to hear about your experience . which product do you enjoy ?
we are very glad you enjoyed it !
yes , they 're great aren 't they ? please leave your contact details and we can let you know as soon as possible .
that is fabulous . we love to hear from families like yours . quality food on a budget .
what do you mean
can you contact us with some details , we can have this resolved in no time
we are sorry you can 't find that . feel free to send us your order number and we can take care of that .
i have noted and management will be in touch
hi ! we 're sorry to hear about this ! please dm us directly so we can look further into this for you !
do you have any adblock of any sort maybe thats the issue
we are sorry to hear this , please check <URL> for compensation information !
hmmm ...
sweet ! thanks for sharing . what meal did you get ?
we welcome you and hope you have a good time . cheers .
you 're welcome !
so glad to hear this ! :)
the perfect combo !
you 're welcome <USER> .
thanks again for alerting us to this ! i am looping @onestopmedia in this and we are going to try to get the screen turned the right way around .
i will have one our technical teams call you back , when is a good time ?
sorry to hear you are having this issue . if you click the " notify when back in stock " button and email will be sent as soon as that is available .
fantastic . thank you for sharing .
@ntelcare can provide you more info .
definitely not too early !
if you need to borrow airtime in order to activate you can dial * 588 # . thank you .
we are sorry to hear you did not have a satisfactory experience . we would like to help you with this .
we would love for this also ! there is so much to talk about .
if you dm me the policy number i can look into this for you and see .
alpha-isomethyl ionone is safe for the body in every way . we use it for flavor and fragrance .
sicily is beautiful in summer , are you a fan of wine ?
we have taken care of that !
please file a formal complaint through our hotline <NUMBERS>
i think so too !
quite a memory , thank you for your support !
please dm your order number and contact information so i can forward your complaint to our customer service team .
we have dmed you .
welcome aboard the network . hope you are enjoying your new service and nice to have you .
please go to <URL> to update the shipping information . as long as your package hasn 't been sent yet , you should have no problems .
we also have other options for you to check out at <URL> . feel free to dm us if you have questions
thank you .
stop by our guest services so we can give him his first lanyard .
hello , do you have your receipt number and the iphone number , what version you are switching from
so happy you liked them . you should get more and share with your friends .
you can try to use another browser and if you still have a problem send me a message with your name , phone number , and a good time to contact you .
we will have one of our agents reach out to you and talk to you about this matter .
hi can you send this pic and further details in our dm . please include your number and vin , thanks .
thanks , we love hearing about our products !
dm your policy number and i 'll check it out .
thanks for letting us know . i will make a note here and have someone look into it .
same to you . hope you are enjoying your vehicle .
we will be in contact soon , thanks .
the promotion rebate should have gone through by now , let me check to see what happened .
thanks for reaching out to us ! can you dm us your contact info ?
you need to follow us and send a dm and we will be able to direct it to the proper help .
i appreciate your suggestion and we are doing our best to help everyone . please send me a private message so i can get specific details about your account . this information would help .
i am so sorry to hear this . can you send us a picture of the " plastic thing " so we can investigate the problem .
it is just perfect !
aww yes ! good luck ! :)
i know i paid this , how could i possible owe on this ?
we are happy that you are happy ! ! we hope you enjoy it !
thank you and your order is being processed
our team is going to reach out to you via email . sorry you did not receive our last correspondence .
right now it is out of stock . when we get more you will see it on the website .
i 'm sorry to hear that . please let us know what we can do to help .
we have other options , take a look at <URL> !
hey , please follow and dm us so we can help .
please dm me the details so i can assist you .
hello there ! please check your inbox . we have sent you a dm .
that is a great idea ! good thinking !
very well .
we are no longer running that league could i interest you in any others ?
so glad you enjoyed it . we aim to please , <USER> .
yes you can visit this link <URL> and will be taken to a page for the that is beaitifulpresale .
so happy to hear that it is working ! please contact us if you having any further needs in the future .
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please contact us at 1.800.329.7466 so we can assist you further
please contact customer support at <URL>
they are the best ! pure fun
hi there . if you could privately message us with more details we can get to the bottom of this .
sorry to hear that . we would welcome you back at any time .
hi , we are very sorry to hear you are having problems with the service , please send a dm with your details and we will work hard to get you solutions for your problems .
can you please give us some more details at <E-MAIL> ?
we are sorry that you are having so many issues . can you dm us so we can help you out .
i 'm sorry to hear you haven 't had a positive service experience ! please let us try to make it up to you .
we happen to think it 's pretty great . let us know if you need help joining !
okay , you 'll need to contact the postal service to help you at <URL> .
thanks for your feedback , we will pass this on .
everyone in the entergy service territory is defined by these numbers .
thank you for alerting us , we have passed on this crucial information to our team .
we love our coffee ! more posts about these coffee shops coming soon !
you can sign suki waterhouse superga by enetering the competition here <URL>
oh dang , i 'm glad that hasn 't happened to my car !
we are not getting your dm , please make sure you are sending it to best buy support .
thankfully there are more events to come !
thanks for posting . did you grab a badge ?
please see our website for your nearest service location and they can assist you with the repair directly .
can i get your first and last name to verify your identity , ma 'am ?
i 'm sorry about that . i 'm sure you 'll find the perfect dress to flatter your shape .
we are glad you enjoyed your #free credit report !
so glad you appreciate us enough to want us . i sent through a request to our team .
i would be more than happy to investigate this if you can provide me with some details like your name , phone number and details of the incident .
yum . hope you enjoy the bubbly . what a great day !
contact us to receive compensation for your flight .
our address is at our usual location , we have no moved , we are proud to say . please stop by any time during business hours to view and discuss available plans .
what a beautiful set of pictures . cheers .
so sorry that happened . could you dm me your phone number and order number so that a member of the team can call and assist you ?
thanks for the feedback . we 'll let the team know .
glad you were able to stop by ! got any pics of your new goodies ?
yeah , i am low mainteance , do not need to spend that much , lo ..
you 're welcome !
awesome shot ! thanks so much
please call our business number so that we can try to better assist you .
hi , we will make sure our team receives this feedback .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
we just responded :)
hi , we have responded , please check your messages .
absolutely ! thanks for supporting us . join us as a #qlder at <URL>
thanks for letting us know , and sorry again !
we 're sorry you feel that way ! can we first discuss why you are so dissatisfied ?
hello <USER> ! i 'd be happy to answer you . what specific safety concerns do you have about the ttc ?
here 's a list of local outlets !
great outfit !
i apologize for the rough trip , please send us an email for more information and guides to your current location .
i 'm sorry that our line was down . you can either wait a little longer and try the number again or seek customer service through email .
sorry for your experience , would you mind sending us a dm with more information so that we can investigate ?
i will send your tracking information after your item ships in a few days .
we are very sorry to hear this . we 'd like opportunity to adress , dm us your info using this form <URL>
love the short ! see you soon when the game 's over !
it is in high demand but it should be around soon .
please send us your tracking information and phone number and we can check on this for you .
congrats , and congrats again ! and congrats a third time !
we are putting back up a new version ! <URL> .
if you would like to purchase one , i can help you . which would you like ?
we just might take you up on that offer .
it was your lucky day than ! enjoy !
no problem , thanks for joining us !
after our team has finished investigating the issue , we will contact you as soon as possible .
please contact us at <E-MAIL> and i will personally look into it .
if you would dm me with your order number and contact information and i will look into it for you .
please contact us so we can resolve your issues with our company .
what a delightful idea ! i 'd be happy to assist you with your inquiry !
please dm me with order details so that i can look into this for you .
i 'm sorry this happened ! message me and i will try to help with your problem .
we apologize for your inconvenience ! please dm us so we can discuss further .
aww yeah ! getting closer ! :)
yes , they can . please visit our website and fill out account information . thanks .
that 's awesome !
great , glad to hear it . please come back soon .
did they deliver everything ?
you are so welcome !
we advise you to communicate directly with the dealership to be able to assist you ,
we put a lot of focus on present and previous customers
thanks for reaching out , can you dm us with a little more information such as the operating system so that we can assist further ?
so sorry for the mistake . please return for exchange . thanks .
ok , let me start with questions , are you able to navigate the rest of the site ?
i 'm sorry your having trouble . tell me what i can do for you .
we 've got just the right vehicles for you ... just dm us when you 're ready !
following yes , can dm you . we have an update coming super soon should fix the issue .
i 'll check that out with our buyers and get back to you asap .
hi , i just replied to your email .
sorry to hear that .
sure ! i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
can you send us a dm ? we 'd be happy to help !
we really enjoy treating our customers ! thank you !
we are emailing you the code now .
we hope you find this gift perfect for mom ! #happymothersday
glad i could help ! i hope you find something you like !
thanks for reaching out ! if you could , dm me your info so we can assist you
hi , we are happy to know that our staff is doing a excellent job . please dm us and we will pass along the information .
we are currently looking into this issues , unfortunately there is no current eta of when it will be fixed .
can you dm us so we can check out the issue ?
we want to make sure this is being taken care of for you . please send us a dm .
sorry to hear you feel that way , can we help you ?
sorry to hear that ! . please dm me so i can assist you further !
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
i apologize for the delay , weather has cause five call centers to be closed . we are fully staffed online today , i can assist with any need .
fauzia helped you , she 's been around with us forever and ever , and ever and ever and ever , she 's real #msjackson
i agree !
being a little conservative with money is a good thing !
please accept our deepest apologies , this is not supposed to happen , as bus drivers must stop at all designated locations , wether customers are waiting or not . we will look into this situation immediately .
hi , please dm us with details and we will help you .
send us your info and we 'll have someone from customer service contact you
great job , shaun k ! that 's the kind of exemplary service that we love !
allow me to assist you in this process .
i am sorry to heat about this . i am sure we can compensate you for the poor produce . please email and we will take care of it .
i am saddened to hear of your troubles , but am excited sty i will be able to assist you this evening .
so sorry you were hung up on . if you 'd like to try again please call the customer service department .
i apologize for the wait . if you send me the order number i can look into the issue for you .
please dm me any details you have so i can look into this !
i would recommend contacting the country of your residence . for further assistance please contact us via dm > thank you and have a nice day .
please call 911 if you feel this is an emergency . your safety is our priority .
we understand this can be quite frustrating . send us a dm so we can help !
you 're very welcome , <USER> ! :)
thank you for notifying us . you will be receiving a dm shortly
absolutely , you can contact ig india 's twitter at <URL>
we have responded to your dm . send us a message when you get the chance .
contact the people @vmbusinesshelp for more info .
great salsa goes with great chips . cheers
we will be sending out an update and more information for our members soon .
apologies . kindly send us your details for further assistance .
sorry for the problems with your flight . would you like to book with another agent ? thanks .
but of course it is messi
we 're so happy that you 're satisfied with our product !
sure . what did you need help with ?
you can not toss mud at people without getting dirty , confront your issues without attacking someone .
it doesn 't cost to admire ...
hi , congrats on the purchse . yes , you can !
use a quarter to get the cart and then get it back once you return it .
i 'm very sorry to hear this . let me look at the notes and see which company that was .
you 've heard of speed dating ? we are trying out speed renting ! just kidding sorry about our typo !
we look forward to the review !
please dm us your order number and we will work on cancellation .
oh no ! please feel to tell us more about the issue so we can do something about it !
we are glad to hear that you enjoyed shameless <USER> . no new information is available regarding this title yet , but we will make certain to let you know as soon as information becomes available .
hello , i am sorry to hear about that . our warranty is usually 6 months . but if you like you can call our customer service line and they can help you on your situation .
oh , yikes ! that sounds frustrating . please message us and our tech team can help you .
we 're sorry to answer so late , but the issue is now resolved . thanks !
hello , after you pay your first invoice you can go to out website and set up account information . thanks
no problem , check them out at <URL> , if you need anymore help let us know !
glad we were able to help !
sorry user . the site has been busy this morning . you will be addressed shortly .
let me get in touch with dispatch and get back to you .
hi , what route is this ? we love feedback <URL>
i 'm sorry about that , please go to <URL> and contact cs about our double guarantee . thanks
please just stick to what the owner 's manual states . let me know if you need any more help :)
we are so glad to hear you love your flip !
stop using it until you feel better .
i apologize for the delay , please porvide me with your flight info so we can compensate you .
no , we don 't . please visit <URL> for info on our current rebates .
can you tell us your order number so i can help escalate to a customer service agent . thank you !
congratulations !
we can do it for you . send dm and we 'll cancel that right away .
we totally stand by our products , <USER> . there isn 't much assistance i can offer without a receipt though , unfortunately .
gives you more time to practice !
it was my pleasure ! ! !
thank you so much ! <3
dm us for assistance .
i 'm sorry to hear that , <USER> . i hope you 'll give us another opportunity to improve your impression of us .
we aren 't currently set up to accept gift cards online , but this option will be available soon .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
we won 't tell if you don 't !
would love to help you . i am going to include @vmbusinesshelp to update you on this .
sweet ! did you score any cool finds ?
you can read more about the delay at <URL> .
sorry , you can stay up to date here <URL> .
i 'm honored that you chose to include us in your first tweet .
@telephonedoctor we are glad to have you ! enjoy <USER>
in the near future , check back often
hello , can you elaborate , <USER> ?
you can find the specs here <URL> !
kindly give us more details about this and we 'll look into it
definitely a good stance to take .
as soon as we learn more , you 'll be the first to know !
check your dms please .
most of our properties are available a year in advance .
thanks ! can 't wait to see you at #ukfastcampus
yes , this is in the works !
we are very sorry to hear about this , please send a dm or <E-MAIL> and let us know more of your experience and we will do our best to resolve .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help . alternately , you can email us at this address .
lovely quotes ! thank you !
please go to our website and select replace a card under my account .
thank you for your opinion .
yes , this can be exchanged if you take this along with your invoice . many thanks for your business !
very sorry to hear you are having a bad experience .
thanks for the positive feedback ! we love to hear from satisfied customers ?
sorry to hear that . please check to see if you have warranty .
id be more than happy to help you . just dm me your info and we can get started .
sorry to hear about the delayed flights . unfortunately there has been a severe storm on the east coast that has seriously disrupted flight schedules . we appreciate your patience with this event that is out of our control .
dm us with zip code and nearest cross street for further assistance .
we 're working on that now ! we had some issues but we 're currently getting everything straightened out . here 's a link to the ring intro video if that 's what you 're looking for !
hi andres , can you give us more information about your location and direction ?
sorry to hear that . please send us information so we can investigate this issue .
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
apologize for the experience , we try to make good on out pricing , can you tell me where you found the initial price ?
i will look into the matter for you . dm me with your order details .
which plan do you want ?
hi ! how can i help you ?
please let us know when the money was sent . look at the code we sent to you and see if it matches what the person received .
just give us the verification so we can go from there
glad you love it !
just follow the instructions
glad you got the items
there is a preview each morning
sorry to learn that you are having this issue <USER> . please contact the customer service number located on your card for a full explanation of your insurance benefits or dm for further assistance .
hi <USER> ! first off , i 'd like to apologize for your delayed package . what is your order number so i can check on this for you ?
you are so welcome !
i apologize for any issues you may be having . would you like to dm us with more info ?
if you can browse now - might have been a glitch or program error . if you can 't browse will need your information so we can turn your problem in to our customer service who deal only with this area .
yes !
thank you for the feedback
we 're so sorry to hear that . we are getting you on your way asap .
sounds like a perfect night !
please dm us your details for assistance
we are very sorry for the long wait please dm us so we can discuss further and to help make this right .
we would like to help with your service issues .
contact us soon and we will make sure you have it by the end of the week
send us a dm , and we will send you back something .
if you could dm us you and your friends registered email addresses so we can investigate the issue , that could be great !
thank you for using our online bill pay system . please send me a direct message with your account # and full billing address and i would be happy to assist you .
that depends . which bundle are you asking about ?
your feedback has been passed on to the reps . thanks !
yep ... meet freddy !
that 's adorable . we are so happy to hear you 're happy . enjoy !
yes , here is our contact <NUMBERS>
could you please dm us .
let me look into this , we will correct it if needed , what is your order number
i am so sorry for your experience . when did this happen ?
please send us a dm with the order number so we can check it out
you are completely right .
we would love to answer your questions and address your concerns , so if you could just provide your name , contact information and the store location in which you are referring to and one of our team members will get in touch with you to help !
thanks for reaching out gabriel . we actually just launched at 14 more stations and we are working on getting some stations north of bloor this year .
i would love to but there is not enough time to do everything !
if you message me the location , i will check into the problem .
im sorry its no longer available on tigo
thank you . if there is anything else i can help with please let me know .
i am sorry to hear this . please <E-MAIL> us and we will further assist .
your flight delay could make you eligible for compensation . file a claim .
hi there . i can check the status on your package if you dm me your name , address and tracking number .
please let us know what 's the issue by dm !
not that we know of . keep up with our announcements to see more .
dm your registration and i will pass it on .
anything from chanel , always !
yep ! and we loved it too !
as tom petty said , waiting is the hardest part , it will be worth it enjoy the product .
oh no ! i 'm sorry to hear about your long wait . can you please send us more details at <URL> ?
we 're happy to have you . please feel free to reach out if you have questions ! :)
i am sorry about the wait , but i am glad they have spoken with you . did they take care of all your needs today ?
so sorry this happened ! what can we do to make you happy ?
hi <USER> , sorry to hear that . send our assistance team a call and they can help .
i sometimes bend the rules from time to time if needed .
right on for the props . <USER> you are the real mvp ! thanks !
thank you ! i was able to locate your order . i can email you tracking information .
hmm , thats not ok at all . can you please provide details of your affected area via dm so that we can look into this more ?
thanks for that info . do you remember anything about the fedex vehicle or driver ?
we are very sorry for what happened to you , please call our team on the following numbers to discuss this further with you .
thank you for the feedback ! we are glad to hear it !
there may be some damage with your device . if you are under warranty we can fix it for free !
hi , there is a page recently launched were a team member can respond your questions , the page is : @iwcare .
we are sorry you haven 't had a positive experience . is there a particular issue we could help you with ?
i will need to get some information from you and then i can arrange to get some assistance to your location
please check our warranty information at <URL> .
i 'm glad you enjoy our products .
we sent you a personalized code - check your dms !
we apologize . there was a dog on the track which caused the delay . <URL>
so very sorry for your inconvenience . i will review this so it can be forwarded to the department that scheduled your flight . please let me have a few more details to assist you such as the date of flight , destination and the flight id that you received .
awww seriously ? thanks so much
thank you for your positive comment . it is customers like you , that make our day !
so sorry for the delay . give us at the details at <URL> so we can fix the issue for you . thanks .
thank you for your patience . the service outage has been fixed . thanks for your business .
have this coupon for 20 % off !
please call us at <NUMBERS> so you can report the incident .
hi <USER> , congrats on your baby ! we 'll let you know as soon as it 's on its way . i hope it makes it to you in time .
i apologize for the error . if you can send me your information , i can assist you further .
great , glad we could be of assistance !
customer care can best be reached at <E-MAIL> .
dm your details and i will pass it on to him .
i will forward you to a member of our tech team , who should be able to answer that question for you .
we 're sorry that you are disappointed . please send us an email at <E-MAIL> and we 'll see what can be done .
there a team called the programme team you would need to get in touch with
thanks for having me . i 'm looking forward to the event .
thank you for your feedback . we are still adjusting out new site and i will pass this information along for consideration . thanks !
bold is the way to go ! your #greattaste in #coffee won you a vintage tee ! dm us to claim the prize now .
customer service can be contacted at <URL>
ugh , i hate to hear that you are having discomfort . have you tried using the sports variety ?
exactly !
we are sorry about hearing this . can you please send us an email at <E-MAIL> to fix this .
if its from the matrix , is the cookie real or fake ?
definitely need some compensation and we can help you with that
i am sure you would as its a great product
we love it here too !
what keyword did you use in your sms ?
that is not what we want to hear , was is it that you do not like about the coffee ?
you are right , the store does have a brow bar .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you please dm us the store location and your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help make this right .
what did you not like about it ?
i 'm really sorry to hear that . i 'll make sure that the right department deals with the issue . thanks for letting us know about it .
there are some other possible cause for that , do you have a few minutes for some steps to fix it ?
that 's awesome !
great ! glad it worked out !
so sorry to hear about your issue . please contact us so we can try to help .
awesome . we are are glad you had a great experience <USER> !
we also love to hear vaudevillains .
so sorry to hear of your frustrations . you definitely may be eligible for compensation - please visit <URL> to file a case .
it is our pleasure !
thank you for including us in your blog article . will definitely include in our notifications of new innovations . thanks again !
yes , but we will have to process a new application to make the switch . they both have their advantages and we want you to have the one that is right for you .
please provide us with your details , so we can help resolve this issue .
thank you !
hi there ! refunds can take a little while , but if you message us more info we can look into it for you .
i am sorry that you have had to wait in the rain , there is drivers en route now and should be there shortly .
hi <USER> ! , thanks for getting in touch about this . please call us at <NUMBERS> and we can help you check the status of your application :)
i have my doubts but here goes , my email is <E-MAIL>
we will follow up with this soon , sorry for the delay . thanks
thank you for your tweet . we 'll reach out to you shortly .
sorry to hear that . can we help get you compensation ?
good taste ! those sound yummy .
we have had some maintenance issues , i apologize for the inconvenience
so sorry about that . please share with us what happened .
glad you enjoy the brownies . thank you for he positive review and feedback .
please see our response . thanks for contacting us .
we love to hear that !
i am sorry that this has taken so long , please tell me what has happened in the past that is causing this .
we do have decaf ! hope you enjoy !
there is currently a 9 minute delay . please record the bus number and contact us at <NUMBERS> so a rep can investigate .
i would like to take a look at your order if you could dm me your order number .
thank you for bringing this to our attention , we will contact you when we 're up and running again .
thank you .
we are sending you another one out , sorry about the problems
i 'm sorry this is happening . if there is anything i can do to help then dm me .
yes you are
yum , coffee !
i would like to change our experience , can you provide me with the information on the issue so i can help ?
as of now it does not have wi-fi but you can get an add on <URL> that will enable the communication between the camera and network .
we love to hear that ! !
please contact <E-MAIL> for assistance .
nice to hear that . we hope it continues to go great !
your iphone may not be compatible with the bluetooth software .
if you could please dm us with your email we 'll get this cleared up .
please send me the information on this issue . i want to file an official report .
you can find more info about tip offs at <URL> any time .
hi , please use <URL> to find the closest service location .
hi user ! aus is doing great today ! very glad you are supporting us ! !
if you pm me your order number we are expecting to start shipping outside by this month .
i 'd be happy to help . can you send over some account info ?
we think it 's pretty sweet . we 're glad you think so too !
we will need the apn to verify any issues .
please call us at <NUMBERS> to discuss this issue .
dm us your login id to receive further help .
we 're sorry , please dm us and we 'll help out .
we distribute all lexus vehicles , please locate a distributor here <URL>
certainly , and really proud of it . i hope you have a wonderful day ;
thanks . i 'll look into it and get back to you asap .
we are disappointed that you are unhappy . please contact customer service for further help . thanks
hello <USER> ! send us a dm with your address and we 'd be happy to help .
hello , please dm us so we can replace the pair .
thanks for getting back to me . i 've replied to your email with more suggestions and help :)
please follow us back and send us a dm with your phone number and email address and i can take care of you from there !
we appreciate this
we are excited to be sponsering the marathon ! how hard have you been training ?
thank you for that . i have passes on this information and they will be in contact with you shortly .
we have buyer protection , we stand by that firmly .
i am so sorry you had this experience . we do not want you to have this . send us a dm so we can remedy the situation .
yes . i would be happy to quote assembly for you .
try mixing in the butterball bath bomb too . it will feel great .
happy to hear of your positive experience .
greetings <USER> we are working on your case . someone will contact you shortly .
here 's a link to the njt bus policy !
can you explain what exposure you are referring to ?
unfortunately , we only have up to size 12 currently .
let 's go aussies ! ! !
i am not sure what you are asking , could you be more specific in a dm please .
we like what we see . how cool ! thanx for sending !
they have a different release date , look for them in early december
thanks for sharing with us .
we know how hard parent life can be . dm me your email address so i can refill that cup for you . <URL>
i have looked into this and will update when i have and answer .
we 're so sorry to hear about your bad experience . if you send us a dm , we 'll be more than happy to help you with this issue .
yes , a bracelet showed up at our front desk today . please send a dm so we can help you find it !
hi , can you give us a call at <NUMBERS> so we can get more information to help you ? thank you !
thanks for this feedback !
please dm us your details for assistance
if you provide me with a dm i can look into your issue more for you .
your questions are important to us . you can call or chat with us , <USER> for faster response
id love to help you . all you need to do is dm me your info
please call customer service for further assistance .
<USER> please contact us via dm so we can help clear the issue up for you asap .
we have the best customers and employees .
thank you for the submission we look forward to seeing more in the future !
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues including your email , phone number & store location . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
sadly , this is often the case - but we 'll have you up and running again soon !
we apologize for the delay in getting back to you . please send us a dm with your account details so we can help .
terrific , i am glad it all worked out for you . let me know if i can be of further assistance .
thanks for the shout out !
hi , <USER> , we 're glad you 're a part of #teamcvs !
hello , thanks for sending us your input about the old court ! i will definitely be sure that your feedback is sent to the team so that they can hear your valuable opinion ! have a great day !
thanks for coming down ! we had a lot of dun .
great feedback and i will pass your comments along . thank you .
a report was made , please check your dm . thanks .
hello ! here 's the number for our computer product specialists - they 'll be able to help you out ! or , if you 'd prefer , here 's a link for live chat .
if you don 't mind send us an email <E-MAIL> with pictures and then we will resolve this for you .
hello , have you tried shutting down your blackberry and restarting it again ?
we are sorry to hear about your disappointment . is this regarding the wrong address that was entered ?
we will still have the lord of misrule and autumn leaf available .
the new jerseys are expected to go on sale on october 27 if there are no unforeseeable problems with inventory .
your tracking information states the package is enroute and should be delivered within two day . thanks
we strive to provide the best experience possible , could you please dm us your name and phone number so that we can look into this for you ?
exciting isn 't it ? want to check it all out go here <URL>
please contact <NUMBERS> for our mobile support team or see our mobile page @lgusamobile . thank you .
have you been on a test drive ?
it was an accident . back following !
please dm me so that i may help you with your issues .
you can dm us with further details and we will look into this for you .
hi there . if you dm me your name , address , and tracking number , i can investigate this for you .
anytime , i know you guys can shock the world and get that gold .
sounds greats , we were thrilled with the turnout on saturday .
have fun . please , send us photos <USER> .
that 's so awesome ! i was getting red cards for my kid all year and praying for yellow ... haha !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
glad to hear you enjoy #seattle as much as us !
very sorry to see this . if you can send more details to our team at <URL> , we can look further into this for you .
way to go !
how very sweet <3 <3 <3
great ! thanks for the support and ideas !
so sorry that you are going through this at the moment . could the manager have sent it and not scanned it ?
there is no charge to pre-order this product .
thanks for letting us know , we will pass this information along to our development team .
i am sorry that this happened , we tried to notify everyone but could not do that , what is your email ?
hi , <USER> . if you dm me your order number i 'll check into this for you .
hi <USER> , could you send us your contact details and address so we can help you ?
pi am here to help , what is you account number ?
im sorry you had that incounter , could you please send a dm with the store location that you experienced this ?
i apologize about the situation . call <NUMBERS> to help us make sure it doesn 't happen again .
it was one of favorites as will . they are bringing it back , in about month or so you should see it .
i agree with you . i will make the suggestion to the marketing team .
thanks , we try our best !
we apologize for the inconvenience . please visit <URL> to see if you are eligible to be compensated .
sorry to hear you are having issues with your order . what is your order number ?
if you can send a dm with the affected ntel number we can check .
if you have registered the card , please dm us .
thanks for the suggestion , i will be sure to pass it along !
hi <USER> , unfortunately we don 't , but we have some that are similar , take a look <URL> .
that 's awful ! please dm us and we 'll help you with that .
could you please dm us with your mobile number and address ?
the date shown is correct for consumption .
i 'm sorry that you feel that way , good sir .
we are here to help you . please dm us your contact info and we will follow up !
thanks for the feedback , <USER> ! i 'll let the warehouse know about this .
he may be cold .
thanks , <USER> . if you 'd like to send us your email , phone number , and store location , we 'd like to look into this further to improve matters .
oh no ! if you dm us your email we 'll send you out a coupon for that .
please dm us and we will send you one !
i apologize this has been a repeat issue . can you please dm your name delivery address and a good contact number so i can see what i can do to get this taken care of for you ?
could you please dm us your phone or email so we can look to resolve this issue with you .
our top priority is to resolve this and leave you happy . thank you for understanding .
thank you for writing us . if you dm me your contact info i can look into it and see where it stands .
we are sorry you 're having this issue please contact us at <E-MAIL> or 1.800.454.3509 .
thanks for sharing our great products .
thanks , <USER> ! what an amazing event ! well done !
great , we will pass on your feedback .
we 'll be sure to have a representative reach out to you on that .
thanks for the love , we had a ball !
thanks for the shout out .
looking good <USER> !
i am sorry to hear that you were delayed ! unfortunately we were experiencing signal issues earlier this evening . it should all be fixed now , and again we apologize .
hello , follow us so we can direct message you . thank you .
yes , it 's true - your s7 will be in your hands tomorrow !
we are so happy to hear this ! thank you so much . we will pass this on !
you are welcome . send us some great pics .
yes , the greenwood store opens on the 18th , tell everyone you know !
can you please contact us through dm to get this issue resolved further ?
thanks . i 'll get right on it .
i see that there was money added to the code .
you 're welcome ! we look forward to your business in the future !
our email is best.buy@bestbuy.com
could you please tell me your flight number ?
hi <USER> yes ! you will have lounge access in the uk , but not on the return flight .
this isn 't included in the package and you would have to find your own source ,
yesss
we are looking into this . please contact us
i apologize about your breakdown please contact us at 188-243-7348 for immediate assistance with your problem
thanks for the shout out and support !
why yes . can you provide me the tracking number in question ?
hello . please check your dm for our reply . thank you .
glad you had a great time ! please dm me further details so i can pass this on . thank you !
awesome ! i 'm glad you 've enjoyed them .
what seems to be the problem ?
this is strange , we are working hard to resolve this issue
thank you for contacting yes please call or technical support department at 188-733-2443 for immediate assistance thank you
<USER> , that one has been put into the suggestion box but until then we do not . - sorry
i 'm glad you decided to give them a try !
thanks for the props !
i did the same thing a few weeks ago ! you 're not alone mapquesting it out there ;)
that 's good to hear both literally and figuratively !
i am sorry to see you are upset , i can see we will have a technician in your area on friday . what time would be good for you and i can schedule the visit ?
best of luck rosie !
this normally means the shoe does not fit perfectly . please contact us for an exchange .
yes . we are just now working on a meter installation program trying to get as many homes metered as possible .
i apologize for the inconvenience . can you please elaborate on the issues you are having ?
so sorry for the inconvenience , please stay in contact if you need any help . thanks
i 'd be happy to assist you with the refund process .
you can always call 550 for more detailed assistance about your account and earnings . hope that helps .
well that is not good at all to hear
sorry it didn 't work out for you , we are looking into the situation .
we hate to hear about a dissatisfied customer . please send us an email at <E-MAIL> with a description of your problem . we will see what we can do to resolve the issue .
congratulations ! vauxhall has great insurance plans for 18-24 year olds . dm us for more info when you need it !
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
we are working to get you the best resolution .
our development team is looking into this
the nx 300h is a little narrower than the lexus rx 350 so it is a piece of cake to park in tight spaces .
we are very sorry for your travel experience . we 'd like to help make your delay more comfortable , send us a dm please !
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
dm me your order details to get this taken care of .
okay , i just performed diagnostic tests on your line and resolved an issue . please restart your phone one more time .
we are glad to have you back !
i am sorry to hear this . please dm me so i can look into this .
it should be up shortly .
sure that will be no problem .
please let me know what error you received so i can share it with the appropriate team for resolution .
i am unable to give our personal numbers . i am sorry !
you are good to go . please reach out to us at <E-MAIL> with your confirmation number and we will provide you with more information .
we stopped working on it to focus more on our mobile site .
we 're glad to hear that !
hi user . yes the 10,000 month plan is still unlimited . can i answer another question for you ?
please let us help you visit <URL> and file a report and we can do our best to make it better .
hi , please dm so we can look into it .
i have put your info into the system , someone will be contacting you soon
we 're so sorry for the delay . we are working as fast as possible to restore service .
hi , let me us know via our contact button <URL> . we will respond back shortly .
wow sorry to hear this . tell us the details <URL> and we 'll do our best to improve on your experience .
i have sent them , what happens if it was stolen ?
that 's great . thanks for the shout out !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
if you have concerns we like to assist you .
wakefield college is open today with normal hours and no delays or individual closing of classes .
this item is currently sold out . check our other offerings for other great items .
i apologize for the inconvenience . we will have you moving as quickly as possible .
sorry about that . sometimes drivers get delayed , and if the one behind is ahead of schedule they can bunch up . sorry we wern 't there for you today .
they look great ! thanks for letting us know !
oh no , let us check this out further for you , can you email us at <E-MAIL> so we can get this set up ? thanks !
yes we will !
hi there ! can you please contact the specific hotel for further assistance ?
i 'm happy your experience was pleasant .
i have received it , allow me one moment to look intot his .
could i have your order number please ?
looking into it now
great ! let us know if there 's any other way we can help !
sorry to hear . please dm so we can resolve the issue
i 'll forward this to the staff who will be able to help you . you shouldn 't have to wait that long for that route .
okay , i reset some things on my end , could you reset your phone to see if it has resolved the problem .
happy birthday to her !
you will just have to keep watching to find out .
we are very excited that you are getting great speeds .
hello the river line will run as scheduled .
thank you so much !
they usually go on sale a couple months before opening day . its important to get your name on the list ahead of time so you get the seats you want . fortunately , i 'm just the guy to do that for you !
we suggest you call the reservation center at <NUMBERS>
the sugar daddy-o does indeed fit in the oval tin , it also fits in our square one too !
text start to 5060 and await further instructions . we look forward to serving you .
hello user . so sorry you are having issues . i will have someone contact you asap .
we 'll relay the information to the owner ! #qassist
yes we are happy that you are excited .
help will be available to her
we cannot pass personal information through twitter . please dm us your phone # and we will contact you directly .
i am sorry for the inconvenience cause by the delays , we are working to get this fixed .
i 'm sorry that you are having difficulties <USER> . please send us a direct message with information about the issue you are having so our customer service team can help you right away .
can you send a dm with your tracking number ?
contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can try to fix this !
we 're sorry to hear that ! hopefully you can come and see us ! do you need anything right now ?
if you dm us a pic of the receipt i can point it out !
thank you for your feedback , we will continue to let you know about our upgrades .
please support net neutrality , its the future
please keep an eye on our blog for further updates to make your experience better !
our team will be notified , thank you for the suggestion
i 'm so sorry to hear about this , i would be happy to help you get your network up and running again . could you please dm us your number so we can further assist you ?
hi <USER> , i 'm not sure what you 're referring to , please send us a dm to speak privately .
let me know what i can do to fix this for you .
i am sorry , you can try their e-mail line .
we appreciate the love <USER> ! we 're wishing you well .
and they still look fly !
hello <USER> , are you sure your password and user name are correct ?
i 'm sorry to inform you that this morning , two of the scheduled runs were not in service as operators unable to make the shifts and no spares
we 're so happy you are enjoying it ! thanks for your business !
you 're more than welcome , <USER> . we love to supply our customers with easy options for our great tasting coffee , while helping out our beautiful planet !
thank you for letting us know about this , as this is not how we expect our drivers to represent . would you please dm the license plate number , the street name , zip , your phone number and the date / time this happened ?
you are eating a healthy breakfast . that 's good .
we are very thankful for the business and hope you come shop with us again soon :)
thanks for contacting us . when the data is finished , send us a dm so we can check your renewal date .
yes , mobile order purchases should be counted towards menu challenges . please send us a dm with the details .
hello and thanks for reaching out ! we have sent the team your feedback .
what a great photo and so glad she was able to enjoy it with you .
we love that we 're part of your day , we think you 're great too . thanks <USER> !
if you dm your account number then i can check for you .
hello , could you contact them at <E-MAIL>
wow - those are awesome ! they really pop out at you !
do you have a ticket reference number ?
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
that is correct .
for security reasons we have to speak with the person cancelling . apologies for the wait time .
it is similar to chrome that integrates with facebook . you can get an invite at rockmelt . com
no , that 's fine . we 're just glad that you 've resolved things .
awesome , so happy you love our product ! ! !
hi there ! can you explain what kind of service issues you 're having so we can look into this further for you ?
thanks ! we 'll get back to you very soon !
<USER> thanks for reaching out to us . we want to fix this for you , can you please send us a dm ?
please give us a dm , so we can help you better .
we are very sorry for this , which email address did you use ?
i love good weather , enjoy
can you send your id so we can try to resolve your issue ?
the order number begins with a 9 or you can give me your email address .
we will pass your details on to our cs team and they will get back to you soon .
she 's wearing gap skinny jeans .
we made a small change to make the network display easier . it has no impact on your service .
visit us at <URL> so we can help you receive compensation .
thanks for reaching out ! currently you will need to have a clip to get access to the narrative apps
so sorry to hear about your experience . send an email so we can help .
when customer service gets back with you , just let them know you would like a refund and they can get that all set up for you .
could you provide us with your telephone number through a dm and we will check into this ?
can you try to call us at <NUMBERS> so we can help you activate your card ?
please send us a message so we can further assist you .
glad you enjoyed the food !
this isn 't good ! please dm us right away so we can get the situation handled .
sorry <USER> . please dm us so we can figure it out !
sorry , i can confirm we don 't currently delivery to serbia at this time .
hi user ! ! so excited that you purchased our products . hoping your sisters enjoy them ! !
i apologize for any delay . please dm me so i can look into it more .
i 'm sorry to hear about this frustration . have you tried uninstalling the app , rebooting your device and reinstalling the app yet ? please let me know if this helps .
unfortunately , styles and types may come and go . but there are plenty of other 's to choose from !
hi <USER> . we are getting back at you very shortly .
i will pass your feedback onto our customer service team so they can follow up .
2nd pair should definitely not have broken , did you contact customer care ?
can you please send me your contact information & tracking via dm , so i may help .
you will love them ! ! !
great ! thanks for your feedback .
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
looks like the new jerseys will be avail in late sept to fans @cavsteamshop .
could you tell us where you are located ? there have been some problems today with traffic .
that might be a possibility , let me look into it
use our stocklist locator <URL> to find where our items are located .
hi , did you clear your browser and cookies and reload ? if you did and you are still experiencing problems let me have your info so i can try on my end .
black friday is coming and be on the lookout for specials with madden 18
its on the exact same night may 12th
please go to our website for your answer .
i 'm sorry . how can i assist you ?
okay follow this link <URL> for a list of stores in your area .
please dm us your details for assistance
would you like to send us a dm to get the investigation started ? right now i can 't track this on the system
congratulations to you and your family . cheers
please provide more information in the dm
festivals are happening every weekend in toronto . lots of fun to be had .
hello , i would be delighted to assist you but need just a little more information . what type of phone and could you also let me know the serial number of the phone from the box in came in ?
it is just an automated message , we are still looking into the issue .
please shoot us a dm with your email , phone number and store location so we can assist you further . thanks !
just wait , our new line is very exciting . ! ! !  
sorry , this deal can 't be combined with another voucher or promotion .
this is distressing to hear ! please get in touch with us at <NUMBERS> so we can work something out for your unpleasant experience .
we can 't provide release dates , but we 're working hard to roll it out to every eligible device , globally , asap !
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
that is a one-time use offer . have you used it before ?
the support team will be able to help you , please contact them
no problem . we are happy to assist you .
sorry to hear about this issue . can we help get compensation for your troubles ?
sounds yummy to us too !
always a good time !
sorry to hear . please dm us so we can issue a refund
please try clearing your browser history and then refreshing .
we appreciate the shout out !
they are available here <URL> !
i 'm sorry you did not get in contact with anyone . please message me about your problem , and i will assist you as soon as possible .
i will contact the dispatcher to see where the bus is and get back to you .
can 't wait to see you again :) )
they will be there ! please feel free to follow up if they do not deliver today .
give us a call at 888-5989483 and we can help !
i 'm sorry to hear we weren 't up to your standards . can you please dm us more information so we can look into your issues ?
we are closely following up the concern to ensure a resolution , bear with us please .
if you the problem persists , you may need to visit a service center for repair work .
soon , stay tuned to our twitter and you 'll find out .
this model number appears to have been recalled . can you tell me when the television was purchased ?
we are glad we were able to help !
oh no . sorry to hear this . please dm me so i can assist .
our website has an array of choices if you want to visit and read up on them
we can talk more , can you contact us on chat
thank you for replying . we have sent a reply to your dm and hope we can assist you fully in this matter .
so sorry our lines have been busy ! if you want , i can directly call you . otherwise , you can purchase online , or send me your information and i can help set up your order .
thanks ! i appreciate your support .
we do not sell fake meat sticks but it might have been a distributor error
we apologize for the inconvenience , but the restock dates for these items are still tbd .
those are toms that the team wrote on and are unfortunately not for sale .
ask when you visit the store .
glad to hear it ! sorry for the delay . enjoy the rest of your day !
give me your first and last name .
please check your dm for further instructions .
we 're so sorry to hear you weren 't satisfied ! can you please dm us your contact info and more details ? we 'd be happy to help .
if you would dm me with details i will see how i can assist you .
this sometimes happens during normal operation . it will adjust quickly .
thank you for your input , and i will forward your comment to our computer crew .
it 's still part of the deal . i 'll be sure that it 's added today for you .
our rates are reasonable , i have provided them for you above
i guess we just have to watch from the sidelines .
please let me know how it goes .
we are currently doing maintenance and are safely releasing natural gas .
you 're more than welcome .
stay positive !
why yes ! said products are a delight to use , and a good value , i might add .
if you order today you should receive it in february . more info can be found at <URL>
uh-oh ! this is not acceptable . please contact @vmbusinesshelp , so we can get this matter taken care of !
it might just be congestion in the area but we will have the manager come out there to check it out
hey please dm us , we 'll do our best to resolve the situation .
i apologize for any inconvenience . please call customer care at <NUMBERS> and they will be happy to assist you further .
i will definitely pass on your request to our product team . keep a look out in the future .
<USER> i am sorry to hear that your item has not met your expectations . if you would provide further explanation regarding this matter , i 'd be happy to assist you in making things great again . we value you as a customer and want to make sure that you are completely satisfied with our products and our service .
enjoy when you do .
we have made a report . can you check your inbox for more details . ok . thanks .
thanks for the support go aussies !
it 's also for international orders .
we have no control over water bills . we cover the electricity and gas . the water is the responsibility of the renter . please contact them directly .
i apologize . we have escalated your complaint . it will be reviewed and responded to shortly . thank you for your patience .
you are welcome , lexus never lets me down .
the weight will be the same as what was receive . there was a typo in the print .
please dm me your order number and your billing address so that i can resolve this issue for you .
unfortunately , we can not reach out to everyone individually , but please check our page often for updates ! we look forward to your business !
hi <USER> so sorry to hear about this . we 've responded to your message .
what is your information via dm ? i will look into it for you .
we are sorry to hear this , can you dm me your information ?
sorry we do not ship to canada , but maybe in the future
have her wear a nice red sweater , scarf and hat . it will look great in photos and keep her warm !
how nice   !
did you know we 're also available in grocery stores ?
ok , i 'm not sure you are going to want to hear it , brace yourself .
we 're working in eradicating the problem .
it will be making a comeback soon !
people dm us with more information about your experience . be sure to include your name and contact number .
hi <USER> , we 'll look into your email as soon as we can .
i 'm sorry you feel you haven 't been served properly . what is going on ?
dm us with your billing concerns .
i 'm sorry to hear this . can you please email me at <E-MAIL> so we can work on a solution ?
we are unable to assist this please contact @blockbuster_uk
we are always pleased to get that kind of positive feedback .
so sorry that your experience was so negative . we do appreciate the feedback because it will help us improve .
please visit our website for the latest updates and news going on within our company and situation you mentioned .
sorry about that ! we 've passed this on to the team ! stay tuned for updates !
you 're very welcome !
you should be able to visit any holden dealership in vic and they should be able to assist you with no problems .
i 'm sad that you had a bad experience , and would like to apologize for said experience .
safety is our primary concern . you can bring back the dresser to any ikea and receive a full refund . please reach out with any more questions .
your feedback is appreciated !
hi <USER> i understand your frustration and apologize for the inconvenience . please dm me so i can make this right .
thank you !
oh no , i 'm sorry to hear your flight is being delayed , but we want to make sure everything is in perfect condition for you . can you please send us more details at <URL> so we may further assist you ?
no problem !
i 'm sorry to hear that <USER> . please send me a dm with your information , including name and member id ; we would love to help resolve this for you .
this is just a simple change we made , i hope it 's okay !
work is still being done . the release date will be announced soon .
impressions mean everything to us , we 'd like to start over <USER> . let 's talk through the situation and make up , sent you a dm .
we 're so sorry ! we regret any frustration this caused for you !
we have submitted your request .
hello , please shoot us a dm so we can help you with this issue !
some airlines and airports are better than others .
love it ! great idea !
hi there , <USER> . we do have a store locator at <URL> . input your postcode and select crumpets . hope this helps you out .
im so sorry for the delay with your package . would you mind sending me a dm with your delivery address , tracking number and a good contact number so i can investigate further ?
looks like you had a super time !
you 're welcome ! have a great weekend .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info and the store location where you made the purchase ? we 'd be happy to help .
@vmbusinesshelp will be in touch and able to further assist you .
and do the problems occur when you are driving at a high rate of speed or stopping ?
hurricane harvey slowed things down for us , but we 're slowly getting back on our feet . a few service delays can still be expected .
oh <USER> , i am sorry to hear that . i have a teenager who seems to be doing the same thing . do you mind if i offer a suggestion ?
go gladiators ! we need a win !
we cannot provide information on product launches , but follow us on social media for the latest updates !
you may order from here as long as you have some type of u . s . currency .
ok , i have just followed you , please let me know that it has updated from your end .
i apologize for the confusion . even though the app has been updated i believe it is not clear enough . i will send this to my tech team to see if they can make the information more intuitive .
sorry for the inconvenience . we are working on the problem , please be patient . thanks
we are very sorry to hear that you are having difficulties . please contact us via dm with your phone and account number so our customer service team can provide you the help needed .
i am sorry to hear that you are experiencing trouble . please dial <NUMBERS> and you will be promptly assisted on how the locks function .
im so sorry to hear about the issue . can you dm your information so that i can look into the issue ?
could you please send a description of your experience at <URL> . we will need the hotel location that you stayed at and your member id number . we hate to lose a customer and we hope to rectify this problem .
you are vary welcome , <USER> . a technician is assigned to your case and will be in touch very soon . thank you .
yes , indeed ! thanks for your message .
i am so sorry about this , direct message us so we can work this out for you .
i 'm glad that we fixed your issue . thanks so much for working with us .
we hope that you have plans to celebrate with us tonight .
hello <USER> - yes , for any long haul flight , there is entertainment . thank you !
that is not acceptable , reach out to us in dm and we can help
we are so sorry for your experience , please pm us your contact info and store location so we can help fix this .
glad you liked it !
thank you for the cherished compliments !
thank you so much for your input ! we think you guys are special too !
that 's great to hear , thanks for the update !
my team , the suns , also didn 't get the pick we thought we would . it sucks !
please send us a dm with both order numbers so we can help .
hello ! i apologize for your negative experience , please contact us and we will be happy to help .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
i can understand the frustration , we cannot change the date but can give you a loaner and credit if needed .
im sorry your reward voucher was not able to be used . would you mind dm us with a little more information so i can get this taken care of for you ?
we have ten in the area , what date range are you looking into ?
we are sorry to hear that this happened . please dm me your phone number so i can see what options are available to help .
our team is looking into he issues right now .
thanks for the support ! #goaussies #rio2016 #oneteam <URL>
i do apologize for such a wait time , you can also try our email and you can be assisted there much faster .
we did but we have a store now , take a look at <URL>
we are excited to see what you 've created !
home opener tickets go sale october 27 - thanks for being a fan !
nice , all high fives around !
i now feel so old , haha !
i am sorry to hear you are not satisfied . can you please let me know what your situation is .
thank you for contacting us . i will immediately let tech know about this problem .
hey there <USER> , we 're sorry for the spam ! could you please dm us , so we can figure out what happened ?
thank you for the feeback
i can resend you the tracking number .
thank you for supporting us !
we think the store will be open in late fall . thanks a lot <USER> .
we are sorry to hear this , we 'd love to get this sorted out for you asap .
on a computer you can see a video at the top of your screen .
what do you think of the new album ?
sorry for your delay . can you please tell me your train number .
i am sorry to hear this . dm us your number and we will have customer service contact you .
we 're sorry you feel that way ! is there any way we can make this right ?
soon ! our next prmotions starts on monday .
you 're welcome ! we hope you enjoy your samples !
love the picture ! thanks for sharing ! :)
yes we can assure you all our products are safe to use while nursing or pregnant .
not a problem ! were here for you anytime day or night , because making your life a little less crazy is what we do !
we completely understand . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
thanks for checking with us for assistance , we will contact you within twenty four hours . thanks
hello - please let me know your order information and i will discuss the issue with my supervisor asap . thank you !
at least the document is eco friendly , seeing as it 's all recycled policies .
no problem !
we love you too , enjoy it <3
we can 't say when exactly , but stay tuned this summer / fall
hehe , you are so right - - the 2018 model is a beautiful beast !
i tracked your package and it is enroute , you should have your package shortly . thanks for the business .
what is the code you dialed to get this feedback ?
we 're happy to help ! ! !
we regret this , please send us a dm with further details so that we can resolve this .
hi there . sorry to hear about the troubles ! please dm me the order number , and the contact details so i can further assist you .
we 're so excited to chat and collaborate with you !
email sent please check and follow the link to resubscribe .
hi ! what was the original complaint so we can send this off to the right team , thanks !
they 'll be back asap
glad you liked it
ups has to confirm acceptance of the order before processing a tracking number . as soon as they do so , we will email your tracking number to you . this usually takes a day or so depending upon the time of year ( i . e . holidays ) . if you still do not receive the email with your tracking number by 5 pm tomorrow , please let us contact us here so we can sort your order delivery out for you .
that would be a funny idea :)
sorry about your issues <USER> . our customer support team tries their best @vmbusinesshelp . keep working with them .
of course not <USER> !
we would like to check into this inconvenience for you please contact us @socalgasnews
thank you for the input . sorry we did not meet your expectations .
yayy we love that you like it and enjoying it
@freedommobile . thanks for joining the team !
sorry to hear that , have you tried using another browser ? we will deliver your feed back to our team
unfortunately , these items were pulled out of stock and you 've been refunded .
please send us a message with your zip code and cross street so we can check the service in your coverage area .
alright , can i assist you with anything else today ?
yep , exactly !
hmmm that 's interesting . according to our records they are in a different folder and someone will be backstage to help the show !
thanks , we love it too !
please contact customer service so we can make it right .
so sorry to hear about your trouble ! do you know if you 're eligible for compension ?
everyone has their own thoughts about the issue , it is not a simple one .
check your inbox as we gave sent you a message with more details .
awww ... all of us at aldi <3 you too !
good luck !
thanks for reaching out , send a dm with further details and we will look into this !
please reach out to us for assistance at 1-800- subaru . have a great day .
sure ! send me a dm and i will be glad to help you .
i don 't understand your question .
received you 'll hear from us immediately .
we appreciate your feedback !
oh no ! please dm us so we can help you .
we 're happy to hear ! if anything happens feel free to send us a dm .
i apologize for that , if this is still a problem , please dm your name , address , and best way to contact you ? thank you .
yes , seems to be just me .
we don 't . we try to stick with one kind of video .
i love hearing how we are able to help out our community . thanks <USER> !
gotta try right
we have received your dm and are assisting you further through chat .
we don 't want to see you go ! please send a dm so we can figure this out .
we should have another installment available for release in december .
we do not have an exact time , but will will let you know as soon as we have something more concrete .
okay . good , if there is anything else i can help with please let me know .
hey there ! dm us the code , and where you 're seeing the rebate ? we 'll look into this for you !
why was there something wrong ?
that is quite late . please send us an email so we can look into this .
ok , please let me know the out come at ups and i can issue the store credit if we need to . thank you for being a customer .
sorry for the problems . please dm us the best number to call you back
send us dm with the details and we 'll work on getting you a replacement .
please check your dm and see how we can help .
i am sorry to hear that . were you able to take the test drive ?
we appreciate your input   .
please send us a dm with your order number and we will send you tracking information .
i will check this for you and will get back to you soon !
we are sorry that you had a horrible time . please give us an email <E-MAIL> so we can help you out .
that would be frustrating , have you contacted our troubleshooting help ? please try contacting @wind_cares team , if that doesn 't work for you contact me back
i 'm sorry you haven 't been helped yet . i will fast-track your request to our customer service team . if you don 't hear from them in 24 hours , please dm me .
i am looking up this ticket number now , i will have an update shortly .
your packages should still be on the way . i can 't track them just yet because it is airmail . i will follow up with you as soon as i gather more information .
you got this !
we are sorry for your frustration , we would be happy to pass this along to management .
yes , they are !
thank you for this information we will pass this on to our feedback team .
please feel free to call us or contact us in any way you feel comfortable !
i can see how you might be nervous , i 'm sure everything will go well .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
we 're so glad to hear !
thank you for bringing this to our attention , we are contacting them now .
i am sorry you are unhappy with our product , if you could email us with the specifics , we would be happy to try and resolve this
no , today was an unusual circumstance , you can read about it here <URL> .
congrats ! we 're hoping you pass with flying colors !
i 'm so sorry to hear that . if you dm your <E-MAIL> we will send you a confirmation of the unsubscribe .
sorry to hear about your issues , can you dm us ?
we are happoy to help .
<USER> thanks for reaching out , if you send us a dm we can get you the information you need .
i will dm the tracking info . check your email for correspondence from us .
we sadly do not offer saturday delivery , monday is the soonest we can do .
we are very sorry for the troubles you went through , you should not have problems with your seat .
we apologize for any issues you 're having . please contact us at <URL> so we can resolve this quickly .
i can instruct you to perform a complete reset on the phone , however , taking the phone in to your nearest service location could be more helpful .
thanks for visiting ! we hope you love it !
i can absolutely help you with that . i am sending you a private message for contact information so that a representative from our canada centre can contact you directly .
thanks for the feedback . we 'll let the team know .
i am here to assist , what information do you need ?
i 'm so sorry about your experience . please refer to our warranty instructions listed below .
can you please tell us what location you are at ? thanks .
we 're very sorry to hear about your experience . please contact us <E-MAIL> or 1-800.446.1589 )
i would be happy to help , can you dm me your policy number ?
the phone should be purchased from our office in order to obtain the free data . please take your device to one of our offices and they may be able to activate it .
i can troubleshoot that for you , please reboot and tell me what you see .
<USER> , can you please dm us so we can figure out the issue ?
thank you so much for your kind comment , <USER> . we pride ourselves on our amazing services ! happy to hear you 're pleased !
hey there !
sure thing .
all the nkrumah heads are on the market , please do more to gather the heads .
hi ! thank you for mantioning engagor ! don 't hesitate to let us know if we can help you with anything !
we are very distressed to hear that . can you provide me with more details of your issue ?
that is so #meta
thanks for getting back to us . i 'm glad we could help .
hello there ! as long as you have your receipt , you can return sale items . hope that helps !
please contact our customer service number to speak directly with a representative .
hi there , here 's the tracking information <URL> . the parcel is dispatched and on its way to you .
thank you for the feedback , we love happy customers .
glad to hear you love it !
we 're sorry to hear that . if you can contact us at <E-MAIL> we would be happy to help .
please dm me your information so i can look into this !
hello ; i 'm sorry for your inconvenience . the is not lost but an inquiry is being made as to its status . once we have an update we will be sure to contact you with information . thank you .
great ! can 't wait to see the pics !
good night !
can you send us the style number . we just might have a few pairs left .
really sorry to hear this . what happens when you try watching the tv stations ?
really sorry that you had this experience . i would like to offer you my apologies for this happening .
so very excited for you ! may they bring you luck ! :-)
we will update you on the status of the case in a short while
we love it ! dinner and a movie !
there is a contest . enter here <URL> . good luck !
we 're so sorry about the inconvenience please contact us at 18733523 8 for immediate assistance thank you for your time
we are so happy to hear you 're happy with our product .
thank you very much . please tell us more if you want .
oh really ? sounds interesting . we 'll have to get him to call in .
send us a dm so we can look into this for you .
i 'm sorry for you issues . we are doing all we can to get your vehicle working properly .
thanks , we 'll be in touch shortly .
the formula is correct ! we may have changed it up slightly .
so sorry to hear this - - can you email me more details about your experience so we can make things right with you ? <E-MAIL> thanks !
did you receive confirmations and tracking numbers ?
thanks for reaching out , and we 're very sorry that we haven 't answer you yet , but we are glad to help , send us a dm with further details , we would be happy to follow up for you .
let me look into that , they may of shipped separately .
maybe some day down the road . we appreciate your business
suggest checking out our website for similar sneakers that have amazing comfort as the cordones
happy that you are happy . good to hear .
that 's a good idea ! here is a link to current promotions we have ! we would love to have you join our family !
we 're happy to help !
one goal a game - that 's pretty good !
the competition does not disqualify you based on the team of choice . your nephew is free to enter into the contest as well . good luck !
we intend for this to be an option in the future . you will be able to create time lapse videos manually .
it 's a beautiful day , thanks for asking . please let us know if there is anything we can help you with .
if you give us your ticket number we will look into this situation . we want to make it right .
have you received any email ?
sorry for the delays but we must put our customers safety first . thanks for flying united .
i am sorry that you are upset . where are you currently so we can try to amend the situation ?
thank you for your feedback , we will pass this along .
i 'm sorry your issue has not been resolved . please contact customer service so we can discuss the problem without revealing personal info .
return your bombs to a local store to exchange , or dm us for the return address . we 'll help you get this taken care of !
strollers have to be checked in at the security office .
serving you makes us whole  !
i just started watching basketball myself , but i am finding i love it . those guys are pretty fun to watch .
we apologiz . our team is currently working on it
hi ! how can we help you today ?
curious , but interesting !
can you offer us more details to look into this for you ?
after examining your screenshot , we can see the recharge succeeded , let us know if you need further assistance
if you purchased a warranty - the receipt and box will not matter . send me your information so we can help .
we have responded via email . please check your inbox and let us know if you need further help . thank you for all the patience you 've demonstrated !
hi <USER> - can 't say we 've run across this before ! could you send us a dm with more information about your tom 's purchase ?
goodluck with the job
we love having you work for us , keep representing !
i am so sorry you had this experience , and that behavior is not certainly not tolerated . i will pass that information along .
that should show that there is no restriction on that item , i am going to put you through to tech .
hi , you can try this link .
good news ! a new gf bread will be on the shelf in 2 weeks .
i 'm sorry to hear you are having problems . can you please provide more information so i can attempt to help ?
thanks for the feedback !
isn 't that the truth ! what did you have ?
we 're sorry to hear you are having problems using our site . can you dm us with more details , please ?
for a refund please send tickets back to the following address send to : 2nd floor , college park house , 20 nassau street , dublin 2
thanks for supporting us !
i 'm sorry but our tech support is off now ; but i will make sure that you are contacted at 8am tomorrow .
check on the left hand corner of the invoice , it is ten digits and starts with an a
i 'm sorry to hear that . here is a number where you can talk to an agent about your specific area and your concerns . 1-800-566-2174 .
i love the pics . thanks for sharing .
we don 't mind answering your questions . it keeps us busy !
unfortunately our team is not available at the moment , but we will have a member answer you asap !
that is not the experience we strive to give . can you please send us an email at <E-MAIL> so that we can look into this for you ?
please try to call our info desk and make a request .
that 's an awesome story !
if you would dm me your order number i can look into that for you .
we see we have been in touch before . please send us a dm with an update . we are happy to help right away .
we worked really hard on this one !
oh that is horrible , we are so sorry . we are looking into this as a serious issue
no because the event will not be handled by ticketmaster . thank you for inquiring .
hello . i am more than happy to send you a message by dm . if you give me just a few moments , i need to look up a couple things on your account about this issue and check with my supervisor . there should be some way to assist you with this issue . while you wait , please make sure you have your paperwork in front of you when i get back with you . thank you for being patient . be right with you .
we are so very sorry to hear this ! please send us a dm so we can further help you .
thanks for sharing and have a great monday @bojorquez !
i am sorry your experiencing issues . please send me a message with your order number and i will have the it fix the issue .
you are very welcome . thanks for sharing .
we cannot add social media icons to your cards . sorry .
uh oh , that 's not good . reach out to us and let 's see if we can help you resolve the issue .
thank you for alerting us . i have forwarded your tweet to our team to be addressed .
hey , <USER> ! yes , it is real ! give us a call , we 'd love to hear from you ! we 've tried to reach you and didn 't have your number .
hi , <USER> , we are so sorry to hear this ! please dm us your vin / registration if you need more help . your privacy is important to us . if you want to learn more about our privacy statement , visit <URL>
we don 't have an-kind donation program right now , but we offer a lot of charity donations through our giving partners ! here 's a list . :)
you 're very welcome !
ok , the number is on the way , let me know when you get it .
our team is working on that , apologies .
you 'll find it on the 555 under option 5 .
we 're sorry about the error ! you can text stop to 83080 to stop receiving messages .
i am sorry this happened , that is unacceptable to us .
my address is <E-MAIL> . thanks !
will be back in stock later this week
i 'm sorry you 're having trouble reaching our customer service agents . if you dm me , i can assist you in resolving your issue .
hello , check out this link for the new holiday collection of laurel and hardy serie / movies
