hello , please contact the dealer for further assistance . thank you .
hope you enjoy
you are welcome , may i help with anything else ?
the correct number is 45926 . :)
i can report this if you send ifo <E-MAIL>
can you send me your tracking number so that i can resolve this for you ?
yes , the store will be able to help you out with this as well .
so sorry to hear this ! which excursion , date , and hotel are you referring to ?
shipments from @adidas are expected to be there around september . run on over then .
please review our faq page at <URL> for further assistance .
if you dm me with all your info , address , name tracking numbers i 'd be glad to help you .
we are very exhausted and will be resting as soon as we check into our hotel room . maybe we can reschedule our meeting .
it appears miss grande will start performing at 9pm
they will be available and in stock in 7 days . thanks buying toms shoes
helpful advice !
thank you for the feedback . we 're glad that you enjoy the pants .
we re very sorry , please check <URL> for compensation information !
can you please provide more details at <E-MAIL> ?
our prepaid customers got free youtube with a cap of 2gb between dec 25-31 between 12-4 am . i am sorry you were not satisfied .
thank you so much for your positive feedback !
when would be a good time to call ?
i apologize for the inconvenience . we can gladly help you now , if you still need assistance .
we would like more information to assist you . please send your details as well as the model number to our customer service department .
glad we could help ! thanks for being a wonderful customer !
i 'm so glad you like the new cards .
please send us a dm with the vin so we can see if this is supposed to be a feature ?
thank you for the information
our support team will be sending your code .
if you look on our website , the cashback feature offers this program in the rewards online center . if you need help locating this send me a dm .
there was a problem with the planes engine but it has since been fixed
thanks for your entry . i wish you luck .
please call us so we can help you with that .
hi there , sorry to hear your troubles ! we 're you ever able to get through ? could you please provide the date and times when the calls weren 't going through so we can investigate ?
we do not have copies here , they are only in store .
what do you like to use in your bath to relax ?
what a gorgeous shot ! congratulations !
your points will be added to your account .
no ! you 'll get there someday !
she knows how to speak her mind !
we are glad we could provide great comfort and service . keep providing us with input ! much appreciated !
sorry for the issue . please click on the link to request a refund . <URL>
we 're sorry to hear that ! can you dm me so i can help you more ?
nice ! congratulations on passing your driving test . road trip anyone ?
can you dm us you number and i will have someone call you within the hour ?
check our website for updates
sounds like a lot of work but delicious !
amazing shots ! do you like our product ?
we 're sorry , nobody is perfect !
hello there ! please check your inbox . we have sent you a dm .
time to sit back and relax !
hello <USER> sorry to hear that ! please check your dms for a message from our support team !
congrats ! what are you driving now ?
send us a dm letting us know what you are having issues with so we can help .
we love to see our friends at #blissdom ! @ragstostitches , how do you like your coffee ?
do you have any activated packages ?
what seems to be the problem ?
a giraffe ... while in training ?
can you please assist ?
i am glad i was able to help you resolve the problem .
yes please try <E-MAIL> . sorry for that .
our email is <E-MAIL> . we 're looking forward to helping you .
we owe it all to the team and our loyal customers ! thanks for the love !
glory will certainly come in the future ... we hope !
thanks for the feedback . they get all the credit and it is well deserved .
you can see the new car in your local shop now . enjoy !
where are you traveling next ?
you are very welcome .
i apologize for the inconvenience . please contact us at this link to submit a claim . <URL>
an update is rolling out soon
we guarantee within 24 hours . we 'll be in touch asap !
hello , dm us your email and we can pdf the instructions to you !
well isnt that awesome
i use a solid 4 count :) #lush4life
am really sorry to hear about this we sent this along to @vmbusinesshelp they will contact you .
hi user , can you tell me the name of the company please ?
we hope the weather cooperates ! which model are you bringing ?
we think your movie tastes are definitely ... interesting .
bring the package and unused product to the store and we will help you out .
hello , we would like to get more information about your device issues .
you 're more than welcome . happy to keep you warm and toasty .
if you need help please send us a dm with your mailing address , phone number and tracking number .
i have responded to your dm . please check your inbox .
please dm us your information and we will check into the issue .
i agree with that on a legal basis . but it just seems that if nfl players are suspended for charges , then soccer players should be too .
thank you for the information .
i 'm sorry you 're having a bad experience . can you direct message me your details and i 'll see what 's happening ?
that is not how we want our customers to feel after leaving one of our hotels please contact us via email so we can help make your stay as pleasant as possible .
we do not sell this type . sorry for the inconvenience .
no , i am sorry we do not have any lanyards currently . please contact us again to see if we get more .
please let us know what size you are looking for and we can help locate it for you .
sorry for your delays . the air has been crowded lately . doing our best !
i advise you to call <NUMBERS> for help .
this will vary however , the accommodation still offers all inclusive option .
please look on their website at <URL>
thanks for the feedback . sorry for the problems . what are your problems with the app ?
please contact our customer care at our website and a dedicated member will be happy to help
is there something we can help you out with ?
i apologize for your troubles , i can help you locate the nearest services center to assist you in person with the issue .
turn that beat up !
<USER> we strive to provide only excellent experiences . you may be eligible for compensation . please visit <URL>
we have had customers buy shoes for their babies under 3 months old !
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! our operators are expected to service all stops while their bus is in service ! here 's a link to report this .
thanks , we 're glad to help !
that sounds terrible . please dm me so i can look into it .
i am so sorry you were treated in this fashion . please dm us so we can send you a gift card for your trouble .
sorry for the inconveniece . things should be back to normal soon .
that is unacceptable . please give me your reservation number so we can further address this issue .
send us a message on facebook and we will help you out with that .
we are here to serve and thank you for the glowing review !
i would like to help you resolve your situation . please provide your number , device type and location so i can help .
i would like more information if you would dm me . i would like to make it right for you .
you can always change a stay via the reservation line at <NUMBERS> sorry to hear you are having issues at the moment . they can surly help !
we would like to compensate you for your experience . please send us a dm .
sorry to hear about this , could you please dm me so we can make this right
we completely sympathize ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help straighten this out !
i 'm sorry you have been having trouble . let me direct you to the correct department .
we want you to be happy and welcome your suggestions . please visit <URL> and provide us further details on what would make our service a better experience for you .
please send your reservation details and general information to customer service . this is not the way we run a business and really want to make this right for you !
animal welfare is important to us to so we are continuing to build and develop our vegan selection .
which did you pick out ?
we appreciate the support !
* thinking * maybe superga and @newbalanceuk on each foot ? <3
can you please provide details of your issue to our twitter handle so we can help you troubleshoot ? thanks !
thanks for the kinds words and for inspiring others ! keep up the hard work !
we want to meet your needs . can you tell us what we need to do to improve ?
hi dm me with your information and i can cancel the transaction for you .
we are working to expand our area and wee will let our customers know when we expand to the south-eastern region .
so sorry you 're dealing with this . please contact us so we can help you !
hello <USER> , did something happen we may be able to help you with ?
really happy for the feedback , <USER> ! thanks !
can you send us a dm with your email , please ?
we currently do not , but thanks for the feedback .
very good article . i reviewed it and was greatly awed by it . will continue to follow you . if there is anything i can assist you with , please let me know .
sorry to hear that ! please send a dm so we can make things right .
thank you ! we love hearing from our customers .
follow the link to get a discount off clip 2 . <URL>
we refunded that for you and if you would like to place another order i can assist you with that .
you can enroll in our gamers club unlocked program online anytime at <URL> .
please speak with the local dealership again , they have access to quickly answer all the queries you have . if you find no satisfaction there , please <E-MAIL> customer service . they will be more than happy to assist you .
we know she loves your support ! we 'll be watching her tomorrow night on etv - hope you will too !
happy bike-a-versary ! what a great pic !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
yes ! try sky sports now !
can you provide us with your tracking number ?
please reach out to us
we recommend a dslr with touch screen and wifi .
i 'm pleased that you enjoy the aroma , as much as we do !
order onine if the item is not available in store .
can you tell us what type of vehicle you drive ?
love this ! thanks for sharing .
please visit this <URL> for details on your compensation .
we can help you receive compensation for your flight delay . please go here <URL> .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
i apologize for the bad experience , i would love to assist you . could you please e-mail <E-MAIL> so i can help
please send us a dm !
sorry for the inconvenience , the current expected repair time is set to continue for another month .
yes . i know what you mean . sigh .
sorry for the misunderstanding . please dm me for more info . thanks .
hello . i 'm very sorry to hear this . can you dm me with your details so i can follow up .
i can connect you with our service department . they can help you find what you need .
hi , were you able to connect on the phone again about your order ?
hi there . if you can dm us with your phone number and email address , we 'd be glad to help you out .
please send a dm with your info and i will look into it further .
yikes , that 's not okay ! send me your details as soon as possible and i 'll do my best to get this straightened out .
thank you for contacting us . we 're sorry to hear this . send us a message with detailed information and we will look into the issue .
yes can you tell us what item you are looking for ?
give me your 4 digit bus number .
we can definitely help with that . just dm us the order number and we can help from there .
thanks for the heads up about security on the account info . thanks
right now , we only offer our eco friendly cards . we 'll be sure to let the team know your feedback though .
it is unfortunately only here through october so get some now !
thank you for participating . it means the world to us .
okay , i understand this is frustrating . can we start by telling me what system you are trying to load our url on ?
please dm me more details , we can replace those for you , i am sorry for the experience .
thanks for the shots . love it .
if you dm us your vehicle vin we will be happy to resolve this for you .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
we 're sorry you feel this way , we will pass this feedback on to our team .
please send all the details of the delay in case file here <URL> we are doing our best to compensate you in this .
yes , that is a good choice .
if you dm us your order number we will clarify your shipping status for you .
unfortunately , we haven 't announced any such plan , but here 's the link to our news page ... keep checking ! :)
hi , sorry for the inconvenience ! let me get the name , delivery address , tracking and phone number so i can look up the status for you .
we have a customer care page @iwcare . our team will be happy to help you !
thanks for the support go aussies ! #aus
check your dm for our response .
wow ! nice picture ! and thanks for the shout out .
thanks for the post !
awesome , i am glad you like it
allow up to 10 business days from date purchased .
yes we are having server issues at the moment . thanks for your patience .
happy to hear it !
congrats ! now let us help you find the perfect first car !
hello ! thanks for reaching us . which size do you need so we can help ?
we are so sorry . please contact our customer care team at <E-MAIL> so we can figure out how to make this right .
please send us contact info and we will reach out to you directly .
we have followed you , please send us a dm .
if you can dm me i would be happy to help you !
safety is definitely a priority for us . we will be looking into this immediatly .
i apologize for the problem you had in not receiving your free gift . can you please send us a message with details of your order ?
hello . how can we help you ?
lush is rad . do you want some ideas for her ?
so true so true !
that was a great slide !
go to our nearest location . explain to them and use this code for a discount .
you can change the plan when the service expires tonight .
if this is a on-going issue , would you mind sending us a specific location ?
hi , can you give me the email address for the account so i can find the order number ?
there is a box for additional promo codes on the last page of checkout for you to place the promo code and in fact the system is set up to ask before you mark the done box to ask you again . let me know if there is anything else i can do to assist you . happy shopping !
i would recommend johnson and johnson body wash for the entire body .
glad to see this . love that we could be of service .
which site are you waiting for ?
this one is great !
we 've responded to your dm .
so sorry for the inconvience ! please dm for further assistance .
good luck to you mitch , i hope you prevail .
we are sorry you did not have a good experience , we will make sure to compensate you appropriately .
thanks for including us .
sorry for the delay ! check out the link here <URL> to get started on the compensation for the delay !
we are looking into this right now
our support team is working hard to lessen the steps
sorry to hear about that ! can you tell us the exact problem ?
sorry to hear you are having issues . our colleagues will work at resolving the issue .
have you tried switching browser `
we have been experiencing some outages . send a dm with your location info and i will see if you are effected .
we 're sorry , the order has been placed . look into our exchange policy .
hi <USER> if you contact us at 1-800- subaru 3 we will be happy to help !
sorry to hear that . can we help you with anything here ?
do you have that drivers license plate number ?
you are welcome , can i get on a notification list for when new stuff comes out ?
we really enjoy your support . #oneteam
hi there , <USER> , can you tell us more about the issue the sign is having ?
dm me with specific details of your issue and i will see what i can do to help .
it 's included if you are on the sprint flex program :)
that is sad to hear . we understand your frustration . can i have your order number please ?
hi <USER> i have just responded . thanks
this is not a permanent solution for the refugees .
<USER> , can you please contact us at <NUMBERS> or <URL> , we would love to help you .
hello <USER> i would love to assist you in getting fully compenstaed fo flight delays <URL>
can you please share your experience ?
what seems to be going on ? we 're here to help .
i will have someone in customer service contact you . send me your contact information in a dm .
we are sorry to hear that , please email <E-MAIL> so we can look into it .
snacks and non-alcoholic beverages will be available but beer sales will cease during the cavs game .
please dm us so we can hear more about this .
that is unfortunate . have you tried calling customer service at <NUMBERS> ?
we 're sorry to hear that ! call us and we can be more helpful !
i apologize for the situation . please email us so we can investigate the issue
i 'd love to check on this for you . please dm me your name , address , tracking , and phone number . thanks !
doors open at 6 !
i am sorry to hear this . please contact our customer service .
it depends on what type of items . what did you purchase at target ?
please send me your tracking number so that i can investigate what is going on with your package .
so glad , you 're satisfied !
we completely agree which is exactly why and how we designed #yxyy . check it out !
hi , we may be able to compensate you . if you would visit <URL> we would be happy to assist you .
i 'm sorry we don 't offer that right now . please check back in the future !
victory will be ours !
thanks , we love it too !
couldn 't do it without the best customers ! have a great day .
just restart your phone and leave it off for 4 min
hi <USER> , i 'm pleased to tell you that westbourne motors are 5 minutes away .
thanks for the positive feedback !
we have sent your information to the proper department to further assist you .
hi can you please dm me your phone number and a good time to call ? we will get to you then
we only support american products .
we 're sorry you have had to deal with this <USER> . if you send us your contact information we can help you out .
you can find information on your account by tweeting @ulsterbank_help any time of the day .
lol
i " m sorry about that , please dm us so we can assist you
you can tweet our customer service @tmiecs and they will be able to better assist you .
we have contacted you directly to help solve this issue .
we hope you will be happy when we get all of your issues resolved !
great to hear that she 's back on her way !
thank you for the great advice .
the #snesclassic coming soon page is still there . can you please give me your browser info so i can look into the issue ?
fans like you are why we are so successful , thank you for you support .
hey , is there anything i might be able to help you with ? send me a dm !
have you thought about a new corsa with the great deals ? dm us for more info .
hey there . customer service can be reached at <NUMBERS> and <E-MAIL>
we 'll contact you back
sounds like a great idea . everyone should be in .
we are meeting about how and where to lower our current rates and should have some resolutions by the beginning of next month .
it would be our pleasure !
too excited ? project runway is something you can never be " too excited " for !
i feel that way occasionally .
that delay is bad , we are so sorry it took so long
would you dm me with your details i can look into it for you .
thank you for your feedback
we like to hear that !
talk to the store manager to receive further assistance .
i am sorry you are dealing with this . dm me and i will be happy to find out what is going on .
sorry for the miscommunication . our records show the order has been processed . please let us know if we can help further .
i am sorry to hear that our current schedule caused issues today for riders such as yourself . i will be sure to send this feedback to the planning department to see if adjustments can be made .
contact our customer service department .
we are here to help ! what can we do to make this better for you ?
so exciting ! please let us know if there 's any way we can help :) )
the exact date is currently not known , sorry .
sorry we do not provide that at the moment
hello ! we want to help you get this taken care of . please send us a dm .
sorry to hear this ! please send a dm so we can help out .
please message me your account information so i can look into it .
maybe ! we 'll have to see . nice hearing from you !
i 'm so sorry to hear you had such a bad experience . if you dm us with your details , or send an email to <E-MAIL> , we 'd be more than happy to help you out .
thanks for being a fan and supporter , we love you too . cheers
well , i heard he has a twitter account now ... but who can say whether he 's really writing his tweets or not ? ;)
thanks for your response . please see our reply .
there 's always next round / match !
thanks for reaching out <USER> . we are aware of the the issue and are working on a way to minimize this as quickly as possible .
dm us your info so we can resolved this
i would be happy to assist you further if you send me your contact info in a dm . thanks !
hate to see you leave , let us know if we can be of any assistance
so sorry about the inconvenience . we willl look into it .
welcome to the team
no problem ! we want to be of help as much as possible .
we have passed on your feedback .
use the store locator on our website for more assistance .
hi <USER> we 'll work on it and get the the problem resolved as soon as possible
our website is down at the moment . please check back in a little bit .
i 'm sorry you 're having problems , let me get my supervisor to see if he can help .
c 'mooonnn , england ! go , go , go ! #getin
good ! don 't hesitate to contact us if you do need assistance !
hey <USER> , please email us at <E-MAIL> for our team to look into this .
glad to help
thank you , we will be in contact shortly .
we can help you locate another product to accommodate your needs if you message us .
hello <USER> yes the plan is allowed to be changed when it expires . you will not be required to purchase a new sim when the plan expires .
have you discussed this with your workshop ?
i checked into it with the order number you provided , and it looks like your refund is on its way to you . please allow some delay for your bank to process the refund , but rest assured it 's coming !
i am in my underwear right now .
we will try to have it fixed as soon as possible .
i 'm sorry to hear about the delay ; i could set up a hotel booking for you , for the night , if you are interested .
thanks for notifying us of this issue . we will look into this issue and notify you once we 've responded .
please reach out at <E-MAIL> so we can fix this !
we want to help you out . specifically , did you buy the gift card using points ?
#coffee love , keep on keeping on .
we can cancel the sample order and make a second one so that the testers you want can be included .
if you have any questions , please send us a dm .
oh , no ! please dm me which location you are staying at , and i 'll get in touch with a member of the staff right away .
i am seeing a lot of traffic . where are you exactly ?
we want to make this right . file a case with us : <URL> .
hi can you provide your shipping while we look into this
we would be happy to assist you . please dm us your details .
definitely ! additional seasons will soon be available .
hi <USER> i would be happy to help you . can you please dm me with your name , and tracking number please
that should not be happening , please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
we 're sorry to hear that , please send us a dm and we will work to resolve this with you .
there are no truer words !
if you could dm us the code we 'll check it out and see what 's going on . have no worried though !
we are so sorry for your experience . if you want to send us a dm with more information , we can help you .
yes if you dm us we will put you in touch with our tech department .
you never know you might just be on a hot streak so keep on going , fingers crossed on my end .
well done <USER> that 's awesome , have a come to the range and find the perfect car for you <URL>
send us a dm and we can assist you .
sorry abouth the terrible inconvience , would you mind dm 'ing us so i can better assist you on this
that makes us happy . is there something you really want ?
we will try and resolve the issue
please dm us your order number and we will check on that for you !
ok , you are eligible for that on a payment plan with would keep your bill the same with a trade in , does your previous phone have any damage ?
ok . thank you .
oh no we are so sorry , can i have your tracking number so we can figure this out
we are always working on new flavors . we will keep you updated .
dm us so we can try to help .
call this number <NUMBERS> and ask to speak with customer advocate team . let them know that you have been unable to get help .
i would love to help you via dm ( due to privacy issues ) . please dm me when you can .
please give me just a minute while i look into this for you .
sorry to hear that your stay was unpleasant ! could you email us and tell us about it ?
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to follow up on this and compensate you . thanks !
sorry you 're having problems , we are here to help
oh no , that 's not good ! send me your order number , and we 'll get you fixed up !
please send me a dm detailing your experience . we 'd like to learn more .
do you have the return tracking number ?
contact us direct via email to get your new case number .
no , it did not look like he caused the pk .
we love collaborations ! #tchat
so excited ! good luck !
dm us the cross street and zip code of the location you are experiencing problems .
can you let us know more details by sending us a dm ?
i am so sorry this happened , let me see what i can do to help .
yes , tsa will allow them !
appreciate you !
let me get in touch with our dispatch team and find out what 's happening for you .
we are working on it now ! please bear with us and report any outages at <URL> .
thank you so much !
send us a pic of your completed outfit . we would love to see it .
you are so very welcome . makes us happy to print them for you !
glad thier good ! try not to eat too many !
i 'm very sorry about that , have you tried sending us an email ?
we are here to help , please reach out to us
oh no ! please send us a dm with your contact information so that we can find out what happened and get the service back up .
send us an email with more info about your case .
i see . can you dm me the exact model of your device ? thanks !
please check <URL> to troubleshoot
i am sorry things are difficult . would you please share your purchase order number with me ? would refunding the shipping price resolve your problem ?
it might have been a typo
we 're so sorry to hear this ! have your next meal on us , please check your dm 's
sorry for the delay . a bus just passed dufferin , did you make it on there ?
:) doesn 't happen often ! thanks !
#poweradepowerscore going strong .
we are looking into finance options now !
so sorry this happened ! we would be happy to help you get compensated for your time !
yes . thank you . i just sent you a response . please check your messages .
wow , that looks amazingly delicious !
which site are you trying to login at ?
you account number or name and phone type .
sometimes individual residences left in the dark while others have power . occurs when different transformers are out .
i apologize but there was a delay before you boarded . is everything ok ?
we 're happy to hear your problems were solved .
great , glad to hear that . if you could dm us your reg we would like to pass on your praise to the service provider .
we are sorry to hear you had trouble . can you send a dm to @fedexhelp and include your contact info , the address the package was going to , tracking number and what the issue is ?
i will forward your report to our tech team . thank you .
thats so cute ! how long till he comes home ?
the sales team would be able to better assist you with this question .
sounds amazing ! wish we could be there .
can you give me a list of the items and let me see if i can help you process this ?
you can insert the memory card directly into the computer .
we 're sorry for the inconvenience
so sorry to hear this . please email me so i can look into it further .
i 'm sorry - we are running a bit behind tonight . please dm me your vehicle reg so i can look you up
hi ! can you please dm us ? i will then be able to colour match you .
we appreciate your patience as we look into this .
we 're glad you 're enjoying it !
the ticket package is 575.55 + s / c , and the gold circle is 136.00 + s / c .
delicious !
they is a known issue with this orders taken place on that date range , i can manually look this up for you .
can you provide some details on the order ?
this is not a good decision . big names should be on the big shows !
people who are hard working and loyal to the company .
you can count on us
hi <USER> , are you still having issues ?
sure , could you send me a screenshot of the error you are getting ? if you could email us the details of the holiday information that would help as well .
hello <USER> as of right now yes . you do get protection though on your purchases
#yay4newaldistore ! please visit our store at your earliest convenience !
according to my test it takes a half second , yours takes longer ?
oh no ! maybe this one can replace it ? <URL>
i 'm sorry for the delay . for the troubles , we have credited the order for 15 % .
we have contacted the people in charge and your order has been cancelled , look at your email for confirmation .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
sorry to hear that it didn 't go well , you are eligible for compensation if you visit <URL>
those are some awesome cards . thanks for your feedback .
we would be happy to assist . could you email us with the details of your situation .
send us an email with your details for more assistance .
sorry to hear you 're dissatisfied . let me see how i can help .
please dm us your reservation number and we will reach out to you shortly .
sign up for foti alerts at our site .
if you need help we 're always glad to talk .
sorry to hear that . is she ok . can you dm me with contact info and i will be happy to look into this for you .
<USER> thanks for reaching out , and we are sorry to hear that . if you dm your order number we will look into it immediately .
hi there . i just checked and they do have it in stock . would you like me to ask them to hold it for you ? if so , please let me know which name to put it under .
we would need to see the damage to make a determination . please bring the vehicle into your closest station .
we will have someone from customer service call right away .
send us a dm with your address so we can look into it .
i will send your concerns on if you contact me with your policy number .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! we 're looping in our business assistance agent so you can get help asap !
do you have the presale instructions ? is there anything about the instructions that is causing you any confusion ? have you been able to follow the presale link ?
it is only available in digital download until black friday .
we are working hard to resolve this issue . i apologize for the inconvenience .
sorry to hear you feel that way . we can check out your concerns over dm if you 'd like !
looking good ~
i 'm excited for you ! please let us know when you get it .
we are happy you 're happy !
please dm us your details and we 'll see what we can do .
i apologize i didn 't realize you were a ttc employee . let me pass your feedback onto the appropriate channels and see if we can come up with a clear explanation .
we are so sorry you feel that way ! could you dm us with further details of your experiences ?
what 's your order # ?
oh no worse time for that to happen
i 'm sorry to hear that you 're having trboule . we have a team that can help you here at ( xxx ) xxx-xxx
sounds good . we are rewarding you with a #coffee for your input . message us to claim your prize .
since you are a current customer the free month still applies , no problems .
thank you , please check your dms .
way to go for standing up
hello user . have you tried to restart your computer in safe mode ?
we 've messaged you on facebook .
as long as you are an amex cardholder , the sales time will show amex pre-sale events . please dm us if you need further assistance !
yes i do , it will be in stores within the first week of march .
please share the details of your experience with us at <E-MAIL> , thanks !
we sure are ! thanks for the lift !
hello . have you spoken to a customer service representative ? we have followed you so you can dm us with the details of your problem . we 'd love to help .
we strive for great customer service
thanks for sharing . i will lt them know .
we 're so sorry to hear that . what specific issues have you been experiencing ?
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
that 's not what what we like to hear ! what don 't you like ?
send us a message regarding this incident . we want to rectify this issue for you .
we love hearing that ! now you just need to get a lexus so your tires can love on the road too !
<URL> let me know what your think .
please contact us directly so that we can trouble shoot the issue for you .
crumpets with butter ! heaven !
sorry to hear that , but we understand how important mobile banking is . we 'll announce once our positions changes .
keep making songs !
we got your email and you will hear from us shortly .
can you dm us the email address for your account so we can help with the issues you 're having .
so sorry for the problems with the flight . we are making changes for the better . thanks for your patience .
can you please dm me so i can look into this for you ?
thank you so much !
thank you for the rt !
check your dms for updates on repair .
sorry you didn 't enjoy yourself this is awful to hear :(
i 'm sorry to hear that . please let me know what 's going on and i can help .
so sorry . we are looking into this now and hope to have it fixed today .
i will be happy to give you the tracking info so you will know when y our package will arrive .
you 're welcome . thanks for the feedback !
thank you for your suggestion we take our customers input very seriously .
can you verify that you are using the number 145 ?
love the photo . thanks for sharing .
if you would dm me your account information i can help you with that .
oh no ! what went wrong ? please send us a message .
we don 't yet have a time , but we are working very hard to fix this as fast as we can . so sorry for your inconvenience .
we 'd like to compensate you for this inconvenience please contact us
have you had luck ? please dm us a screenshot if you 're still having issues .
you can find step by step instructions at <URL> . please let us know if you need more info .
please contact me via email at <E-MAIL> so i can trouble shoot with you . thanks .
if the listing is online then it will most likely return soon . keep an eye out !
keep checking our facebook page for all upcoming announcements .
i so sorry this happened . lets see if we can fix this .
your feedback is concerning . please send us a direct pm so we can further assist you .
we are so glad that kayla brought a smile to that man 's day . we 'll make sure we let her know that she made an impact !
our team isn 't available right now , but we will have a team member get back to you first thing in the morning .
dm your contact info so that we can get in touch and provide assistance .
are you running into an error ?
we will continue to bring you innovative ideas .
i am sorry that this happened , please provide me your information , i want to help .
which event are you referring to ? we have several promotions running . they end on different dates .
chicken this good comes at a price ! but be sure to check our site for the latest promotions <URL>
great !
great ! because your paperwork has the date , time and store on it , the employees at the croydon store will be able to track down the order number if you give them a call at <NUMBERS> .
whoa ! we 're sorry we haven 't gotten to help you yet , we 're just running really busy . send us a private message and we 'll assist you !
dm me and i will resolve this for you .
this is great !
hi ! please dm us and we will be happy to help !
that is no fun navi , we 'd be glad to help you select the right car if you get in touch with us !
sure , please follow this link to our companies vision statement and mission . <URL> have a great day !
dm us and we will be happy to help .
yes , we have tons , check them out at <URL>
can you give me more information on the one you are wanting to taste .
stay warm i know its cold out there ,
sorry to hear about the disappointment , but yes when the gift card expires so does all the funds if you would like you can email <E-MAIL> so i can look into this further
thank you for reaching out , we have sent a dm to you with an update .
awesome ! how did it turn out ?
thanks for reaching out to us <USER> . if you dm me your policy number i will check into this for you .
please check your dm for reply . thank you !
hi , i apologize and am sorry to hear that you 've had trouble . please direct message me the refund details and i will find out what is happening with it .
you can view the pictures and videos when you use your data to do so . thank you .
can you dm us your exact address and we can check your coverage in that area ?
i 'm just glad that you 've had great , reliable service through thick and thin !
thanks for the update . we are here to help you ! <URL> .
dm me your registration so i can look into this .
we are sorry to hear about the issue , please dm or email us at <E-MAIL> for more assistance .
i will be happy to help you if you dm me the claim details .
that 's no good ! please dm me your contact info so i can look into this for you .
all other presales start at 10 am
sorry for the inconvenience . we are having some problems and thanks for your patience . thanks
thanks again for notifying us of the problem . thanks
oh how come ? please send us a direct message , so that we can further assist you .
you can use 3 aipower ports + 1 quick charge port . if you need more assistance please let us know .
thanks for the rt ! have a great day .
sorry that you are upset please contact us and we 'll call you .
unfortunately we cannot make any changes to a submitted order . however , once you receive an email with your tracking information you can get in touch with us and we may be able to get the courier to return the order before the deliver is completed .
thank you for reporting this , please delete the emails without clicking on any of its content .
i hope you 're not allergic . golden hawks don 't ask for presents .
sorry about the flight , file a case to get compensated here <URL>
sorry to hear about your trouble . let me see what i can do for you right away .
it is , i am close to level 35 now , this case will help me get there .
please send us a dm if we can assist you in any way .
thanks for sharing !
please dm me your name and address and i 'll check on this
look around and you will find it , no spoilers
your feedback has been passed on . thanks !
our 16 inch 1 piece is a great option for adding thickness and length to hair . we 'll send you a response to your e-mail within 24 hours .
look for updates coming just in time for the holidays , go cavs !
we like to hear that . we love loyal customers .
hmmm , that is strange . please send a dm so we can assist you .
sure , just provide your phone number so we can call you .
would you like to take the #lexusis for a spin ? we would be happy to set you up for a test drive
don 't do it ! drink water , take a tylenol & a milk thistle .
sorry for the poor experience
thanks <USER> ! we actually don 't have a dedicated area - we wanted to have memorabilia throughout the arena so people could see things no matter where they were . i 'll make a note of your feedback .
we have activated it for you , please dial * 504 # to confirm .
hello , this is not an automated response . please dm us your contact info so we can resolve the issue .
thanks for the update .
we do ship to europe also . everything will be exactly the same .
hi . we occasionally run credit checks for certain items but the are soft inquiries and shouldn 't damage your report . if you see that there is an issue please let us know the details by dm and we will address them for you .
we are having issues right now , please contact <E-MAIL> .
please send me your order number so that i can further assist you . thank you .
please dm your tracking number , so we can look into this for you .
i 'm very sorry no one has gotten back to you . i can help you right now . what can i do for you ?
we think it 's super you love superga ! thanks for being a fan !
i can help you get set up on our premier plan . it is free to try for 90 daysd .
i have heard you are fabulous !
here is a website with 5 common culprits for not getting the traffic you want <URL>
that is ok , we will make it next day at no charge just as a compliment
we want to rush your new card out , but are delighted to share , that upon renewal your new card will be transparent !
i will pass along your question to an agent , have a nice day .
thank you for supporting us .
please contact us via dm with your zipcode and nearest cross street address so i can look in to your coverage , thank you .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
are you still having this issue ?
dm allows you to send a private message , so dm me your phone number and address , and i will look up the status for you
sorry for the delay . we are working to resolve this as soon as possible .
say what ? have you eaten it yet ? if it is still around bring it on by the aldi store and they will do their best to make it better .
please dm us so we can help instead
hello user . sorry that you are still waiting for a response . can i have your account number so that i can look up your issue ?
thanks for reaching out , and we are very sorry for any disruption this is causing . we are still trying to pinpoint exactly what the problem is , but we will be up and running again as soon as possible !
thanks , happy to help !
there is no fee when you buy credit for your tigo line .
hey there . this is very concerning to us . shoot me a dm so i can look into it .
thanks for the great feedback !
i am sorry that you are unsatisfied with the sounds . we will try to fix the problem .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! here 's a link for you to open a lost and found case .
yikes ! what terminal are you located in ?
thanks for the love !
we 're sorry for the confusion but igus can only provide support for products in the us .
we appreciate your feedback
i can get you more info if you dm me and send your info . thanks
thank you so much , we love hearing from our customers !
affordability in the from of flat fees are important to us and our clients
you can 't join again once you opt out .
we 're sorry to hear this , so contact us for assistance .
that 's not good ! let me see what i can do to change that !
our development team appreciates your feedback .
we are very sorry for your inconvenience , please pm me with your details for further assistance .
yes , we sure do !
we apologize for that
we just received the updated inventory from the brand and it is being adjusted in our system now .
to get an update from customer service please email us .
dm your info and we will call you tomorrow .
i 'm so sorry to hear that . can you please direct message me your details and i will look into the matter ?
please see this link for the instructions for returns . <URL> thanks for your business , and have a great day !
let us know if we can assist you further .
that 's awful ! please send us a dm when you can . :)
we can most likely arrange a replacement for you . could you dm us with your purchase dates and particulars please ?
ends this week
this is so cool ! hope you get a new pair .
sorry to hear about that please tell us the info at <URL> and customer service will follow it up .
you got it
sorry for the interruptions from the renovation . we would like to correct this for you please contact us by phone 1.800.466.1589 or <E-MAIL>
we always strive for our best and we 're sorry you think we fell short . please dm us so we can follow up .
sorry to hear this ! why is that ?
hi there . we don 't give out release dates , but we 're working hard to get it out to all eligible devices around the world . thanks so much for your patience .
so sorry to hear about your stay at the wingate hotel . could you please provide us with the location and date of your stay ? was there a specific problem or problems that you are referring to that happened during your stay ? wingate hotel is a listed 4 star hotel and will review the situation of your stay . if you would like to know the outcome of our review , please let us know an email to contact you . again , we are sorry that your stay at the wingate was not up to our standards . if there is anything else we can assist you with , do not hesitate to contact us .
thanks . looking into it now .
hey there . what seems to be the problem ?
get more details here <URL> .
we love to hear that you are staying hydrated and appreciate the compliment ! thank you !
your input is important to us , we would not strive to ignore it . i 'll let the team know to look for your email . thank you !
please check your dm 's we have sent you a message
can you please dm us and our mobile support team will be happy to help you .
hello <USER> we don 't send anybody door to door , learn more here <URL>
thank you for your information about our ad placement . i will forward it to the proper team .
we are happy that you are happy !
dm us with store location so that we can address this issue .
we have an incident number for you but it wasn 't the number you provided . could you dm us so we can resolve the situation ?
hello <USER> i would be happy to look into this , would you mind sending me a dm with your contact info so i can look into this
congrats ! you won a vintage tee . dm us to claim your prize .
i am counting on it !
please dm us your phone number and the last eight digits on your vin . thank you .
sorry for the inconvenience , i will forward your complaint to our customer service department so they can help you resolve the issue .
sorry <USER> . we are currently working to address the issue . thanks for your patience .
so sorry to hear that . can you dm us your flight number and attendant 's name if possible ?
first congrats ! unfortunately we don 't have that restocking info , but maybe <URL> will .
so glad that steve could be there for you today , <USER> ! i 'll let our team know , thank you for reaching out !
i would love to see this on video if one exists ?
please send us a dm with your billing issues . we are happy to help .
excuse our abilities but please get in touch with customer care and they will help you
those are drop ship items , so they will take a little longer .
go for it
so sorry to hear that ! please dm me for further assistance !
i am sorry you feel this way . send a dm so we can resolve .
we love ordering in at our downtown office ! our favorites ( for non-sandwich fare ) are baja fresh , goodwood , and p . f . chang 's . hope this helps !
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help get you compensation for your hassles !
your flight delay could make you eligible for compensation . file a claim .
glad to see a happy member of team @keurig !
so glad to hear it worked out !
<USER> glad to hear that @fedex continues to provide good customer service !
thank you for your patience . do you know the date that you put in the request ?
have fun !
okay we 'll pass the word on to the relevant department . thank you for your input .
please send a dm so we can figure out the problem !
i have lots of stories and they fit my life
anticipation ! which holden dealer did you place your order with ? we 'd love to help you track the progress on it !
we are sorry to hear of this unfortunate event . thank you for flying delta .
i 'm working , but i hope we get a chance to meet , as well !
please let the driver know and he will turn it on
support page is back up if you still need support .
thank you , we will work to solve this soon .
wonderful ! thank you so much .
you only ordered one shiny souvenir ticket . would you like one more ?
thanks so much for the love !
we appreciate that . go aussies !
hi <USER> , we haven 't been made aware of any issues . will you please dm us so we can be of better assistance ?
sorry that happened to you , let us know what we can do to better serve you
how about some new sneakers or dress shoes ?
hello , i believe we have had some sporadic issues but your issue sounds like it has been going on for awhile . can you message me your account number or phone number so we can investigate ?
unfortunately i cannot assist you without having all of the data including the answer from the retailer . if you could provide that information i can see what can be done .
let me proivde you with more details , can i get your information ?
any photo idea should work . thanks .
i am sorry for the experience with your pre order .
that is upsetting to hear . can you fill us in on what exactly transpired ?
that is unacceptable . we highly value you loyalty and want to make this right . could you please dm us your phone and account number ?
please send pm for further assistance !
yes , please contact us at <E-MAIL> , we are sorry for the negative experience .
we are working hard to fix this . please send us a dm so we can better help you .
please dm your order number and contact information so i can forward your complaint to our customer service team .
we will be happy to help , please send us a dm with your account details .
and what happened ? did you like the way you looked ?
loving the look <USER>
your daughter did an amazing job , and it looks like you all had a lot of fun ! we 're so happy that you can share this with us !
can you please go to your dm for a live update .
good luck ! i hope we can help !
we have increased the font size which should fix the problem .
hey there ! have you spoken with our customer service team directly already ? they can probably better assist with this matter .
thanks for coming !
yes ! done !
we offer many great offers . dm me and i can look into what we can offer you personally .
we have people working on getting that back up for you already so you should be back up before too long . so sorry for the inconvenience .
not sure i can make it ! have a great time .
have fun . feel free to dm us with any questions you may have .
that is such a fun combination !
thanks for the tweet .
we can try . but we can also contact the station and have it sent to an actual store . you can pick it up from there .
hi , 1-800- subaru 3 or <URL> will be able to help you with your question
i am sorry to hear you are having trouble with your orders . are you currently having an issue with an order ?
thanks for reaching out . our umbrella covers are currently out of stock but should return to ikea store by april :)
if you send us an email here <E-MAIL> with your details , we 'd be glad to send you some .
many apologies for this confusion - did you have a scheduled time that wasn 't met , or could you provide us with the name of the delivery driver ?
thanks so much !
if you need to file a complaint , please message us so we can help .
we hope so too !
have you checked with the store in your area to see if they have any offers going ?
here 's the info that i found on their sight regarding accepted methods of payment . just make sure to scroll all the way to the bottom . <URL> . unfortunately there 's no mention of amex gc . you could try giving ticketmaster a call to confirm . thank you and have a great day .
hi <USER> , the technical issues you 've experienced on our website have now been fixed & u should be able to order now . please let me know if this is not the case . best . )
i apologize for the trouble . i will pass this along to management .
indeed she is ! thanks for the well wishes !
sorry you 're having issues . we have this number that should be able to help you with a live assistant ( xxx ) xxx-xxx .
can you provide your zip code , nearest cross street , and sprint phone number ? thanks !
we will let the dev team know !
there was a large accident which has caused delays on the bus schedule , let me give you an updated one .
let 's go get them !
they look great !
we have one in stock i see . can i take down your shipping address ?
hi , <USER> . i think our platinum travel team can help you out with some ideas . please call them at <NUMBERS> . thanks !
if you dm me your email address , i can send you some more information about switching over to us . hope this helps .
<USER> sorry to hear about the delay , if you go to <URL> you 'll find our compensation solutions .
i 've never used or seen a bath bomb but i think i 've just been sold .
michael , we 're so sorry that you experienced this . what 's the order number ? maybe mothers day can be saved . thanks !
we are so chuffed to hear that ! thank you !
you can use it for almost all of our services , check <URL> .
looks great ! glad you enjoyed it !
i am sorry you are running into difficulties , please send me a direct message and i would be happy to assist you in any way that i can .
we show that it that it was returned to us because of three attempts to deliver . we can send it out again , is there a better delivery method we should use ?
sorry that you are having problems . would you dm me with specifics so that i can further assist you .
would you dm us with your details so that we can further assist you .
getting a cold meal is never fun and i am sorry about the service . please send me the details on dm and i can expedite it to the correct department . i hope this helps and i hope you and your mum have a terrific afternoon .
we love to take care of our customers
hello user , yes you can upgrade , but it will add to your monthly bill .
the buses in boise are not crowded .
so sorry to hear that ! if you can contact our tech team at <NUMBERS> they should be able to further assist you .
please follow us so that we can dm you for more info .
sorry , they are currently out of stock .
they 'll be available in late september !
once the package has returned from the shipper , your refund should be added to the card you used to purchase the order within five to seven business days .
looking good !
when would be a convenient time to call ?
do you have an atm nearby , you can get cash at any ecobank atm .
thank you ! happy easter to you too .
there is no date set currently , but stay tuned !
it will be out soon , an email will be sent to you to let you know
yes , please dm us the address . thank you .
check here for our statement regarding the appeal .
we appreciate your support !
this is not a normal sprint practice , are you paying directly through us ?
we 're sending you a dm to resolve your concerns .
they will be sold out but we anticipate new ones coming in at the end of the week , would you like to preorder ?
please dm us the details and we are more than happy to help .
it 's amateur hour .
we 're sorry we inconvenienced you . we 're adding baby changing stations to both the women 's and men 's rooms in our stores .
is there an error message showing ? please keep us updated if you continue to have this problem .
you can check out all the options we have on our website . lots of pics of what we 've got . enjoy !
we have limited seats in our box office .
we strive to provide the best experience possible , your reference number is * 18574579 5 . we will continue to try to reach you on the phone number you provided us .
since the money was refunded , you will not receive the product .
dm us your info so we can look into it for you .
we 're so sorry , but this coat sold out as soon as it went on sale !
hello , can you please let us know if you have any questions about joining wind
some of our products are in stores for only limited times !
please contact us directly at <E-MAIL> .
great news ! i am happy for you . time for a car now
can you please email <E-MAIL> and tell us more about what happened ?
ah , that is curious . we 'll try to look into this further . so you have credits but it 's not letting you use them ?
love helping our customers .
thanks for your feedback . we are aware of the issue and working to resolve it . thanks for your patience .
okay . please try rebooting your phone .
can you please dm me with your contact # , store location , and issue that you are experiencing ?
when are you graduating and where ?
it sympathize with your problem . i assure you that we 'll try our bestto resolve this quickly .
can you email us here ( email ) and we will be happy to look into that for you .
please stay tuned for your request as everyone has been incredibly busy .
please contact customer service , we 'd like to try and make it right for you .
our website will have updated info soon .
we want to help you , please contact our customer care dept
this item has indeed been discontinued . please check in with stores to see if they are still on the shelves !
you are so welcome . take back your morning ! what is your favorite coffee ?
is it a horror or romance kind of night ? maybe both ?
we are so glad kay could help you , we will have to recognize her for doing a great job !
no question is silly . when putting on the duvet cover make sure the tag is at the foot of the bed . hope that answers your question .
our support team can help you with that if it is still a problem .
so sorry about all the trouble . we have sent you a request . send us your info so we can help further .
our towers were having problems but it has been resolved
that was not right .
well , it 's up to you , but unfortunately some of our items will expire when stored too long . :(
check out this <URL> if you want to save money ;)
hi there ! ga1 is main standing area . hope this helps !
great to hear . enjoy .
we will pass this on to our team to look at !
thank you so much .
we are eager for you to see it too !
yeah ! going for the gold ! #rio2016 <URL>
please dm us the dealership details so we can share your awesome feedback !
we appreciate the willingness to help . looking forward to being able to work with you for a worthy cause again soon .
use can use file manager , this link <URL> gives you the steps but i will help you .
please send me a dm so you can provide me more details .
hello , please contact wheel transfer at <NUMBERS> to file a formal complaint .
sorry to hear about your tough day . how can we help ?
sounds nice ! please enter this or another photo to our instagram competition .
please contact us if you require further assistance . we 'd be glad to help !
let me get you to our customer service department so that they can help you .
this is definitely not ok , please contact <E-MAIL> .
expect it next week !
we are working with your dev team to fix this soon .
give me your telephone number register .
i am happy to hear you love your subarus , but sorry to hear you have had a bad experience . please give us a call at 1-800- subaru 3 so that we can assist you .
sorry to hear that . there is multiple reasons why your session can be disconnected , please dm us with your email and we will reach out .
i will definitely send that suggestion to corporate and in the meantime thanks for being a loyal customer !
thank you for letting us know . we will take steps to getting it fixed .
please dm us your number and we will work on having a live person talk to you asap .
we sent your tweet along to our service and warranty department , so they 'll be in touch with you soon !
it 's a fee of 0.05 p .
please visit <URL> and provide more details so we can better assist you .
thanks for the feedback . we will pass this on to our security team .
glad we can make your day ! enjoy !
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info or call us at the number below so we can help you out ?
#designed4business
thank you . we think it 's pretty amazing ourselves .
i can look into this if you dm me your name , address , tracking information and phone where you may be reached .
yes ! . the suite number should print out on the club seat replicator .
i would go with daily mail .
we 're really sorry traffic has affected your travel today . there should be one coming your way in a few mins . feel free to hop on .
it is available this morning for pre-order . get yours today !
you can find out delivery times at <URL>
i would recommend you contact the dealer for help .
okay , thanks for being so patient , that 3 sectional is great . keep me posted about this .
we anticipate a couple weeks before full repair , but should be rolling out temporary towers within 12 hours , we apologize for any inconvenience .
hello can you email us your contact info and pictures at <E-MAIL>
that 's great !
first step try uninstalling and reinstalling . if that doesn 't work send us a dm !
well isnt that great news , yay for you
sorry about the bad experience . please email us for assistance .
glad all is well and you are happy . cheers
i feel you , bro .
you can see a list here <URL> .
we hope you do !
if you are entitled to one of the presales you should have been emailed information to follow for the sale
hi , i 'm sorry to hear that , can we help you with compensation ?
thanks for reaching out mrs b , if you email us at <E-MAIL> we will take care of it for you .
thanks for getting back me . we will look into this and get right back to you .
please visit the website 's how to for instructions .
i have notified security . thanks for notifying us . we will stay in contact . thanks
we have sent you a dm , please check it :D
glad you like our juices
we are sorry about the experience you 've had , please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can assist you .
oh , i see your concern ! one bucket has two movies for $ 5 and another bucket has three ( different ) movies for $ 21 . hope this helps clarify !
aww yis ! awesome . :)
hello <USER> , we 'd like to make this right . send us a dm with the store location . thanks !
we anticipate rental being availalbe in the first quarter of 2018 , would you like a set up to get the alert when released ?
you rock ! thanks for your support !
yay ! you seem pretty excited
we will contact you shortly with how to proceed .
look for it with your morning coffee .
yay ! we hope you love it !
dm me the country of residence and the msn of the watch .
thank you so much for your patience . please give us a dm .
we are sorry for the experience , please give us you information so we can investigate this .
awesome you are fresh and happy . a great product for our customers . thanks
so nice to hear that you enjoyed the movie !
email us at <E-MAIL> for more information !
great to hear , low prices are something we take pride in
will do . great choice for a gift . cheers
hello there , i 'm sorry to hear that your order was delivered to the wrong location . i will contact the shipper personally and revise the address .
hello , kindly provide the order number so we can check on the status of your order . thank you .
hello <USER> , we 'll pass on the message .
we are actively working on your case <NUMBERS> and appreciate your patience .
ok , can you please send me a dm with the items you are trying to choose and i will look into it ?
your flight delay could make you eligible for compensation . file a claim .
awesome
that 's great ! happy you enjoyed it !
we are so glad you like it !
thanks for the feedback . cheers
great ! so glad to hear !
nice .
so glad you found it beneficial and enjoyable <USER> !
hello user . i am sorry for any inconvenience you may have had . thanks for your feedback . i will let management know and hopefully this won 't be repeated .
we 'll be happy to forward your message to the development team .
we will update if we get new stock . thanks !
thanks for sharing .
yes , we have that information right here <URL> .
it 's noon somewhere !
you can dial * 588 # to borrow airtime
we are sorry for the delay . the replacement parts are manufactured offsite and have to be ordered directly from manufacturer to the customer .
thank you and yes there is so much more to discuss on this topic .
please dm me your policy number and we can check out the specifics of your account .
we can assure you that this ingredient is very safe . you may go here <URL> for further reading .
sorry to hear that . hope you can find a way soon .
all set and added .
please give us a call and we will work to resolve this . <NUMBERS>
glad you like them ! #happycustomer
so how is it going ? are you getting the hang of it ?
please dm your name , delivery address , tracking & phone numbers .
<USER> the dm was sent .
we 're happy to have you on our network ! #welcomeaboard
please contact us at <E-MAIL> with your information .
please contact us for further assistance
did you need any assistance today ?
that tweet is incredibly cute .
hi user , i am dorry you are having issues with your phone . can you please give me your account number so i can look at your account ?
glad you enjoyed them !
please try firefox first . if that doesn 't work , you can dm me .
the new release is coming out tomorrow , you be able to update then .
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
that 's great . thanks for sharing .
please give me your policy information so we can fix this .
i will look into your issue and make sure it 's reported .
happy friday to you !
i will make sure some one contacts you promptly .
please dm us your details for assistance
we are sorry you had a bad experience please dm us to see if there is something we can do to help out .
ok , i can take care of that for you . if you got ot the following page , there should be a signup and directions for how to dm .
no we assure you we think of you individually and highly value your business .
oh no , that 's not good . can you send me a dm so i can help you out ?
enjoy ! <3
so exciting !
hey , we are following up on unpaid orders from last year . send us a dm with any questions or concerns .
it won 't be much longer until you have the 8 in hand . thanks !
hi , we checked and your order was shipped . have you received tracking info ?
sorry for the lack of communication . we are looking into what happened to your messages .
that item is out of stock for the moment but we can send you and update when more becomes available .
we would like to make that right . can you dm us for further instructions ?
nobody could pass up a good chorizo !
hello ! can you please dm us your contact info and question details ? we 'd be happy to help !
if you can follow us and dm us with your address we will be happy to look into those issues for you
please dm us so we can help you out with that .
i know she will be an asset . is there anything i can help you with today ?
okay we can arrange that for you .
no , sorry :(
that is the cutest thing ever ! thank you so much <3
only members of the fan club are able to get presale tickets . you can sign up as a member at <URL> .
great to hear !
we will do our best to help please call us at <NUMBERS>
please contact us at <URL> for further assistance .
ooh , we 'll be over with gummy bears !
pleasse private message us with the address and contact details , thankyou !
so sorry that we lost you , <USER> . we 're always making improvements and we 'd love to have you back if you ever want to give us another try .
i 'm really sorry to hear that but let us make it right to you .
sorry that you had this experience . please message me so we can rectify this for you .
sorry to hear that you 're having troubles . if you dm us with your experience , we can fix that for you .
did this occur after the breakdown . i am sorry for the bad service and would like to make it right for you .
we have great customer satisfaction
oh no , sorry to hear this . could you please open a claim on this so i can better assist you
i made sure to tell the team , keep tweeting this and i will keep passing along the message .
we are working overtime to get this restored
thanks for letting us know .
thanks , glad you liked it !
to enter the contest go to <URL>
oh no , hope everyone is okay .
thank you . okay , we 've recevied it and i 'll go over it right now .
stay up to date
thanks for posting ! did you receive your badge at the sprint store ?
call our customer live chat for immediate assistance .
could you please describe the issue you are having so that i may better assist you ?
find a color you can deal with
you 're welcome . thanks !
we are happy you would lime a store near you , we sent a note to the team on your behalf .
please send us details about this incident . when and where did this occur ? we would like to get to the bottom of this .
congrats , what a special moment to share .
you will get compensation
our office at egbeda is at no . 24 akowonjo road . the price will be dependent on your specifications .
great photo , <USER> ! do you have more of your photos online to share ?
i apologize for your trouble . dm me with your details and i will work to resolve it .
thanks for the feedback - i 'll be sure to pass it along to our product development team .
thanks for stopping by ! hope you got yourself some goodies during your visit ! :)
i think going to mac is a great idea they charge much less then that .
super . always here . just a dm away .
you are welcome ! thanks for sharing your picture ; have a merry christmas !
we will attempt to reroute the package to the new address but we will need confirmation from you regarding where it will be sent to .
thank you for pointing this out to us . we 're sending this feedback to our development team .
i 'm sorry you are disappointed in the product . how long ago were they purchased ?
we are here to help .
please check you private messages .
you guys are awesome !
we welcome your opinion
hi <USER> sorry to hear this , we hate seeing you go . maybe we can address your issue , would you please dm me with your current suituation
what safety aspect are you inquiring about ?
you can check all local stores at this page <URL>
we love your style !
dm us for info on how to receive your gift .
our system has been down today , can you email <E-MAIL> ?
send us the deatils so we can investigate .
the shipment is being prepared and will be sent within the next few days with tracking .
sorry this happened to you please call us so we can make this right
thank you , we love being a part of the support . we should have the shirts in stock next week .
please call our customer service and we 'll try to help .
i 'd be happy to check on your shipment ! can you dm me your contact info and tracking number ? thanks !
well done ! congratulations and much luck with the launch of your book .
i will return later this week .
if you have a credit card i will be happy to take an order over the phone .
we love keeping you connected ! keep us posted with all those beautiful pictures . make awesome memories !
enjoy them , we don 't need them back !
welcome and so happy to have you !
we hope you the best and feel free to contact us at <E-MAIL> with anything !
that 's terrible and not the kind of service we offer . please call us immediately to resolve .
if you can send us an order number we will resolve this for you .
send us a dm to tell us what 's the matter
we are glad you liked them ! the retailers set their own prices but our rrp is 1.99 . let us know if we can help you any further !
hello user . can you please give me your order number so that i can look it up ?
dm your contact info so that we can get in touch .
we 're sorry this was your experience . can you dm us to discuss further please ?
that is great happy to hear you will be driving in no time ! cheers
please email us and we can send you direct information .
is there anything else that i can help you with today ?
great to hear you had a great time and we hope to see you again soon .
is everything delivered and in good conditions ?
you are so welcome ! happy to hear you had a great valentine 's :)
please contact your dealership directly . they will not see these messages .
we believe in customer satisfaction . please email us directly with any comments or concerns so that we can better help .
thanks for the feedback ! please dm us and we will look into it .
hi <USER> , i am sorry to hear that the product is not to your standards , could you please dm your order information so i can further assist you with this matter ?
can you give us more information about your booking ?
i am sorry you have been delayed . you can go to this website <URL> for details on compensation for your delay .
nice ! maybe buy a new or used car from us soon ? ;)
an update is scheduled before the home opener .
okay , i see . yes , we should have those in stock again at the end of november .
i 'm very sorry but we have just sent you a dm . please take a look and let us know if we can be of any further assistance .
sorry to hear about this ! unfortunately , we don 't offer a price matching service . thanks for shopping with us .
can you dm us your tracking number to get started please ?
sure , i will be happy to help you thanks pam
woop-woop . this is what we love to hear ! keep on keeping on !
the code will apply automatically when entered
your mom deserves the best . thanks for letting us be a part of that !
you 're welcome !
i apologize for any problems you have experienced . have shared your contact details with our team so we can resolve the issue . cc @payumoneycare .
we love hearing from our customers , feel free to hashtag it , post it to facebook or call us directly <NUMBERS> .
we can 't confirm a specific time but rest assured , we are working on it .
please send dm with the details so we can look into this for you .
please dm us with your complaint so that we can fix the situation
we 're sorry you feel this way . would you like to send us a dm ?
so sorry that happened , <USER> ! please send me your info so i can figure out what happened .
hey steve , we take the privacy of our users very seriously and are taking these steps to protect you . for more information go here <URL> & <URL> . thank you !
i will do my best to assist you , please send me all your details through dm and i will get right on it . i will also have them check to see why if the agents are busy it doesn 't just put you on hold , we need to fix that .
fauzia is very experienced in customer service and she has been with our company for quite some time .
we second that rt <USER> 2 : repeat customers , increased sales , higher demand , positive reviews . #printchat
visit this link for more information on the sweepstakes .
we 're sorry to hear that ! he should have stopped .
that is sad to hear and very unusual . our brand stands behind its commitment to service . can you dm me the particulars please ?
ok , i am sending it now .
so excited to hear great news , we are pleased
can you tell me the order number and updated address ?
that 's not good . please dm me the location of the store and your email and i 'll take care of it .
let 's get this resolved for you today . please let me know exactly what is going wrong so i can better assist you .
here is a number you can call <NUMBERS> to talk to someone in customer advocate team .
sorry for the problems . please contact me so i can look into it . thanks
what time did this happen and where were you at on the m3 ?
i can direct you to tech support they could better help you . here is there email if you would like to contact them . @techsupport .
i am sorry for the trouble . controlled natural gas release .
please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can take care of your issues asap .
thank you !
sure , i 'd be happy to assist you . what is your contact information ?
okay we want to help you in the best location we can . please check out the other channel options via <URL> .
please send me your account info and i will look into it . sorry for the misunderstanding
hi <USER> i ma sorry i do not have the info on this , but @vmbusinesshelp would be able to better assist you with that
we love you , too !
hi ! those details will be sent out soon !
we apologize for the experience . if you would dm with more specific details , we will get that taken care of .
we 're sorry to hear this . please send us your information via dm and we 'll see if we can get you some compensation for the trouble .
thanks for the feedback , <USER> !
thanks for the shout out ! happy to hear you are enjoying your purchase
sure , how can we help you ?
i 'm sorry . how may i assist you further ?
i understand what price is within your range ?
yes both can be charged this way .
the system is in place to keep costs low .
ok , but i need to get this taken care of as soon as possible . this is a brand new dryer and i 'm not very happy about already having problems with it .
thanks for pointing that out !
oops , that 's right - must 've confused real life and dreams again ! whoops ! ;)
i can definitely help you with this , please provide your order number
sorry to hear it ! if you contact us at <E-MAIL> we can try and help .
we are hearing you <USER> . we can 't confirm anything at the moment , but will let you know as soon as we do !
our warranty is normally 6 months for sandals due to average wear and tear , but if you give us a call , maybe we can work something out and find you a replacement .
oh no ! we want to help . please send us a dm .
sorry for such a late reply . the issues have been fixed .
call us directly to set up a direct debit .
while in japan , just give me your email and our japanese staff will contact you .
i 'm glade to be involved .
sorry , it 's going to be correct shortly .
sorry about the wait . i do see traffic issues going northbound .
which route ?
hi there , since it looks as if you have attempted to sort the problem , the next step would be to contact customer service and they can look into it and get a refund started for you . is there anything else i could do for you today ?
hi there , please check your owner 's manual for best guidance .
can you give me more details ?
it might be due to a cold but let us know if the problem persists .
hey there . we 're doing our best to get you on your way .
hi <USER> - we don 't have rebates for the nest thermostat , you can find other programs here <URL>
hi <USER> i understand your frustration and apologize for the inconvenience . please dm me so i can make this right .
all the best .
i am sorry you had trouble . if you send me a dm i will be happy to take care of it .
<USER> sorry to hear you had a bad experience with one of our products . if you have a proof of purchase we can look into providing you with a credit .
sorry for the wait but our service is in high demand .
you are so welcome , can i help with anything else ?
any other snacks from that brand available ?
sorry to hear you 're disappointed . please let us know how we can help .
we are so sorry to hear about your experience , <USER> ! please come back soon so we can show you what we 're really made of .
i 'm so sorry for the confusion . i can send you a gift card for your trouble .
we hate flight delays as much as you , please dm us and we 'll give you a coupon for your next flight .
no ! of course we will not judge .
hello . you can go to @vmbusinesshelp to get updates .
what did you find ?
sorry to hear about your delay ! apparently it was the car stuck on the tracks .
constrution on the route has made transportation difficult .
thank you so much , this is perfect :)
yes ! we love them too .
hello <USER> , the blue strap apple watch band will be available starting the first of next month .
what do you mean ?
it depends on which package you have . my 7 with the tow package can go up to 3000 kg .
hey ! please send us a dm so we can resolve your issue .
i recommend contacting us if any doubts , stay safe from phishing
updates will be provided as soon as more information becomes available .
hello <USER> . our account is not set to receive dm but please send us an email at <E-MAIL> .
hi there . typically most of our properties are available for booking a year in advance .
hope to see you at #ukfastcampus !
we only offer the single cut at this time .
i am sorry to hear this . send us a dm so we can follow up .
contact us via email with your concerns .
great inspirational quotes , thank you for enlightening us all !
just give us a ring and we can have new one in the mail for you in no time
thanks for the detail !
yes if you take this along with your invoice , they should exchange this for you !
let me touch base with the store and see what is happening , please stay with me .
thanks for the awesome comment , i 'll pass along your feedback to the team ! and happy birthday to you !
well , if you figure that out , let us know , we would love to improve our products ! typically , our products last about 2 years . if you feel that you may have defective merch . , please contact customer care at <NUMBERS>
let me look into this for you . can you dm me your 16 digit starbucks card number please ?
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
i am at <URL> but this is happening everywhere , please fix this !
please follow this link to the intro . <URL>
hi <USER> ! would you mind giving us some more details on that ?
i 'm sorry to hear about your frustration . please let my colleagues know at @vmbusinesshelp so that we can assist you .
please dm us your mailing address and phone number and we will get some stuff in the mail for you .
we are sorry for your experience of dissatisfaction . let us investigate from the supplier 's end .
give me your tracking info so i can locate your order .
please send us a dm and we can look into this !
hello , can i help you ?
can you please verify that the person 's code matches your code ?
please verify which items are wrong so we can help you better !
great !
you will not be needing this . your refund will be processed upon receipt .
yes it is , now i can enjoy the products .
please find all the schedules at <URL> , thanks !
hi <USER> , send me the contact information for the services number and i can give you a full explination .
if you dm us with your order number , we 'd be happy to look into it for you !
we 're so happy that you 're happy !
please let us know why you feel your experience with sprint has been disappointing .
please tell us if you are still unable to browse .
wow , perfect timing ! great shot !
thanks for the deets . we 'll have @payumoneycare help you out !
so sorry for your inconvenience . if you visit <URL> we can see about compensating you for this .
sounds great !
could you dm me your account information so i can have a tech support member get in touch with you to try and troubleshoot this ? thanks .
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm . we are happy to help .
that 's not what we like to hear , we 'd love to help you out .
we 're sorry to hear about the delay ! can you dm us your 16 - digit starbucks card number so we can straighten this out ? thanks !
if you send us a message we might be able to do that for you .
i should have sent it , check once more to confirm getting it .
well , i would love to help you with your problem .
that is without the bundle package .
thanks , she is one of our best
you sure did . hope you like it .
aww , we hope you enjoy the movie . if there are any issues , please dm so that we can take care of it for you !
call us at <NUMBERS> .
our prices fluctuate but there 's always a bargain to be found . thanks for looking .
oh no , someone must not of had their glasses on that day , i am sorry about that . here i can assist you . just dm all the info .
so sorry about this . when did this happen ?
i apologize for any inconvenience . would you please send us a dm with your info so i can investigate this further ? thanks !
i agree , let 's see what we can do it fix it .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
hello user . we are working to add the yellow line to service . as of yet we do not have an exact date of service starting .
yes ! , but i want to do it right , no rushing into things .
thanks for telling us about this problem . what specifically did you see that was unacceptable ?
the deezer is no longer on tigo .
thank you so much ! <3
<USER> i 'm very sorry to hear that our response has not been sufficient . how can we make it up to you ?
i don 't know , i would need quite deal on the next ticket to use you guys again !
would you like me to check on your delivery ?
oh no ! how can we help ?
yes , we encourage it !
thank you for praising our employees . your feedback means a lot .
this make up set from sephora is pretty sweet .
yes , it was quite funny !
we are excited for you . thanks for joining the lush family .
i 'm sorry to hear that . allow us to follow up by giving us more details at <URL> . thank you .
we are happy to answer any questions you may have .
what is the store location ? sorry for the delay !
so sorry to hear this . we would like to help make this right .
great you like xtrek . i will forward survey to you . thanks
i am a rule keeper by nature . i like order and predictability at work and at home !
thank you so much ! we 're blushing !
thanks so much , i 'll look into this right away .
provide details of the affected area via dm to aid our checks .
thanks . do you remember if the truck was ground , express , or home delivery ?
we 're sorry to hear this . please call customer service to discuss this .
thank you for your positive feedback !
i apologize for the inconvenience . we 're still looking into your issue about your warranty . can you please tell us the location of the service center you went to so we can contact them ?
we started a dedicated customer care package recently and you will be contacted soon !
we are sorry for your troubles . what can i do for you today ?
that sounds bad ! for emergency assistance please call <NUMBERS> , option 1 . we will be more than happy to provide immediate assistance .
please see our mobile page @lgusamobile . our team will gladly assist you .
glad you enjoy it !
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
sorry the delay , there was a dog at track level <USER>
so sorry to hear of the inconvience ! please dm me for further assistance !
we love hearing that <USER> ! because you have such #greattaste in #coffee we are sending you a vintage tee ! send us a dm so that we can get it to you !
thanks so much !
so sorry to hear about the poor service you received . please follow up at <URL> so we can look in to this matter further .
that 's great to hear ! we hope the hurricane damage to your area was minimal and thanks for using sprint .
thanks for coming ! did you have fun ?
i 'm so sorry that happened to you . do you happen to have a bus number ?
congratulations ! such an exciting time for you !
hi , <USER> ! can you send us a dm with more info and we 'll look into it for you .
i am glad you had a good experience .
you can reach our customer service team via email .
that 's good to hear ! i 'll be sure he sees this so dm me your reg , thank you
please contact technical support so we can help .
please email us so we help assist you with your problem .
ok . send us your contact number and a manager will be in touch shortly to sort this out .
great service !
we 're still adjusting as we evolve .
mmmm , gotta love the fresh coffee !
amex us customer service at <NUMBERS> so they can assist you further .
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can help you out !
good advice !
sorry to hear about your poor experience . please email me directly at <E-MAIL> so we can better assist you .
good question ! i feel like the cookie monster would say that but i know it is not correct :)
i am sorry you had this happen . we can compensate you . <URL>
what would the first purchase be ?
beautiful , isn 't it ?
which keyboard did you use ?
so sorry to hear this . i 'll pass this along to our team !
of course we do and you will love it
we are so sorry to hear that . could we discuss a possible partial refund on your delivery fees to make it better ?
you didn 't like it ? !
we will get to the bottom of the situation and review the tapes as well . can you give the date and approximate time ?
please contact support or dm us so we can contact you directly .
ugh .. we thank you for your outstanding compliments !
then you 're all set ! enjoy your destiny 2 ! be sure to contact us if you need more assistance .
sorry to hear about this issue , please contact us at this number <NUMBERS>
thanks for sharing , <USER> ! we 're very glad to hear that your kit arrived and makes you happy !
i love the vaudevillains .
i am sorry to hear about our delay . depending on the specific reason for the delay , you may be entitled to compensation in the form of food or housing vouchers . if you find the customer service desk nearest to your location , they can provide any vouchers that you are entitled to . thank you !
glad to be here .
thank for mentioning us in your post !
yes , this is possible , upon completion of a new application for the card you are requesting .
contact us via dm with your contact details so we can assist you further .
thanks for the message !
we would be happy to see if we can speed it up . send us an email with the details at <E-MAIL>
buses are on the way !
call us at <NUMBERS> and we will check the status of your application .
we are very sorry to hear this , please leave us a dm with your repair id and we will help you .
we 're very sorry about the confusion and lack of communication ! customer service is looking into your issue now , and we 'll follow up with you asap !
we 're so sorry to hear this , please dm us and we 'll see if we can make something right .
we can arrange a refund . could you dm me your address ?
now you have me wanting granola bars !
i 'm unsure . i will ask customer service for you .
we 're sorry to hear that . please let us know if there is anything we can do to help you .
we 're so glad we could help !
responded !
thank you and your words mean a lot to us .
hi let me get some information so i can see if i can find the person you should be contacting .
of course we do ! #takebackyourmorning
when the bus comes , record the number and then give us that info ..
can you please dm us .
monitor your dm for an update .
thanks for spreading the word .
sorry for the mix up . send me the number and i will fix it . thanks
do you need an update ? please dm us
hey , thanks for the mention !
awesome to hear
please give me your information so i can get you to the right person who can help you .
there are no built in wifi capabilities .
we 'll never judge you for that :)
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
good to hear .
what is the year and information on your bluetooth device . there could be compatibility issue .
we are missing one of digit of your order number . could you please resend me your order number and contact info so i can look into the problem further ? thank you .
ouch ! please dm me so i can assist you with the situation .
hello ! tip-off time ( and more ! ) is available at the link below . thanks ! :)
we have quite a few in your area , please follow the link to the closest one to you
go team go ! win one for the old gipper !
shipping starts at the end of this month ! thank you for waiting .
we can absolutely help , can you give me the phone number you are trying to register ?
looking forward to hearing about your experience with it , i am here for any questions
ok , please give us a call to assist you .
so sorry you feel this way :(
please dm us the logmein id and we 'll let you konw
sorry for the inconvenience . please send us a dm so we can follow up with you .
wish i could help you with that but we are only the distributor of us lexus . look here <URL> to find your distributor .
we are ! love our fans !
from looking at your order number , it appears to be stuck in st . louis because of the ups strike . it is on a truck and should be moving on shortly from what the ups shipping department has told us . there might be an additional day or two delay but no more than that is what ups is telling us . so sorry for the inconvenience but this is out of our hands and should be resolved soon . please let us know if there is anything else we can assist you with .
i 'm sorry to hear about your poor experience you should email so we can assist further .
glad you finally got it ! can you email us so we can look into the reason it took so long ?
we can assist you further if you contact us through our customer service link on our website .
i have sent you a reply in your inbox so i hope those help and as always contact me if you need any more help .
please send us a dm and we can look into this for you .
we are grateful to hear that ! thanks !
we are so honored to be sponsoring the event . thank you for sharing your enthusiasm .
someone will be in touch by the end of the day
no worries . just remember about the buyer protection , that 's our thing !
so sorry for the problems . i can help . can you please contact my personal account . thanks
yes ! please send your order information and we will provide a quote .
the the butterball bath bomb next time .
makes us happy that you had a great experience . thanks for the support !
our team is currently looking into this , thanks for the feedback . <USER>
you will find our bicycle policy at the following link . <URL>
hope you 're getting noticed !
we don 't carry your size right now , but we 'll pass on the feedback to our product team !
thanks , we are hoping for the w as well !
now this is the kind of story we like to hear . thank you for sharing .
very nice . thanks for sharing with us .
they will be available soon , we 're working on that
glad to hear that !
oh , no ! we 're so sorry to hear that - dm us your email so we can treat you to a free do-over ! :)
contact with the brand about the status has been done . check and check . sorry about that .
i am sorry to hear you had a bad experience . please dm us your information so we can try and make this right
please dm me the description and contact information and i will further assist you .
please tell me how we can assist you .
okay , thank you for your feedback
hey there , so sorry there 's a delay ! can you dm me your tracking info so i can do a little bit of digging and find your package for you ?
let us know the issue so we can get it resolved .
ok , let us know if there is !
we would be happy to assist , please send us a dm with your name , delivery address and your phone number .
sorry for the delay . we can help you get that account closed today . please send us a dm and we 'll get right on it .
i am sorry you are having problems reaching support . would you like to give me information and i can see if i can help get someone to contact you ?
we are the better company .
far too kind . thank you
can you please send us the store location and we will ook into this .
yes this is a common issue but we will be happy to get you back on the road as soon as possible
sorry for the problem . please contact me for any reason necessary . thanks
awesome !
thanks for sharing with us .
hey chris , so glad to hear about your experience ! please dm us so we can get further information . #teamcvs
we will pass along this request to the team !
i hope you had a good time !
thanks for coming .
hi <USER> be sure to check the direct messages . i see they left you a reply . let me know if this doesn 't completely fix the problem and we can take it from there .
if you follow this link <URL> there are video instructions on how to do this . hope this helps . cheers !
thanks for the feedback ! can you please email us with pictures ?
you could try to reconfigure your blackberry if possible .
oh no ! we want to help you with that . can you dm us with further details ?
only lord of misrule and autumn leaf .
the new jerseys will be at the @cavsteamshop by september 29th .
thanks . it looks like your package was transferred to usps and they 're now handling it . contact usps to follow up about why the delivery is late .
we apologize to hear of the issues you are having . please send us a message with your contact information so we can keep you informed of the outcome .
you can find out more here <URL> !
contact our mobile support team by phone for more help .
no time like the present to stop by and test drive one !
oops , i didn 't mean to ! we 're back now !
we want to help ! can you tell us what we can do to make it right ?
can dm us for help always . if you follow the prompts there is a person there for you via the number .
we would be happy to check on this for you . we just need the tracking number . thanks .
thanks for the cheering squad ! we can do it .
i love those , did you find it as funny as i did ?
awesome ! please send pics when you go !
excellent ! we 're glad to hear .
please contact us at <E-MAIL> to review your order status .
congradulations <USER> ! you have great taste in coffee and you have just won another prize ! send us a dm and we 'll claim your price .
provide us more detail so we can help you .
<USER> that 's amazing ! keep on hiking on !
that 's so sweet .
@efoldi_world . glad you liked the scooter ! you can watch live at <URL> !
it is a possibility that the order was sent out before being scanned .
yes , you can pre-order .
which device were you using to access the site ?
we indeed have . it should be in your box soon .
we are so sorry to hear about the inconvenience . please dm us with your order number so we can further assist you .
thanks for reporting that for us . could you dm us the address so we can report that for you ?
please send us more information via dm .
dm us the name of the store .
i am sorry to hear this . please contact us at <NUMBERS>
perhaps you might enjoy some of our other fine products ?
totally agree .
we had a lot of fun making it , glad you are pleased .
sorry about the experience , did you know you could be eligible for compensation ? visit <URL>
if you could , dm me your order number and i 'll be glad to help
hi <USER> please dm with your information so i may better assist you .
i 'm very sorry to hear that . if you messge me your details , we should be able to cancel that card and send out another .
you can check for the closest location on our website , but until then i will pass this along to our feedback team .
we don 't have restocking info on the cordones
send us your info and we 'll get you your disk
please dm your order issue number so we can check on status .
can you go back and get a refund or exchange ? i wold recommend that
i apologize that you have been having trouble with our app . could you please describe what happens when the app goes down ?
sure we will try
please dm your order number and contact information so i can forward your complaint to our customer service team .
cute photo .
we are so sorry to hear about this ! please send us a dm with your information along with the store location so we can help you further <USER> .
oh no ! i am so sorry to hear that . send me a dm with your account email and we will make sure you are taken care of .
we can definitely send one out for you , dm us your adress
sorry to hear that . please send me your address so i can make sure the delivery men are leaving your packages promptly .
please could you contact the dealership where you purchased from ?
bear with us , we try our best . please send us a dm to better assist you .
thank you for writing to us and sorry you haven 't gotten a reply . you can <E-MAIL> for more help .
we apologize . please call or email us to resolve your issue .
thanks for the mention !
thanks for the pic . we had a blast .
dani is one of our most experienced members of the team cheers .
are you waiting at warden now ? ? the spacing could be off .
thanks for having us ! we had a wonderful time ! .
we 're happy to have you as a customer and very pleased that we 've been able to make your experience with us great . we look forward to being your bank for many years to come .
i see it
hello user . very sorry that you had commuting issues . can you please elaborate on the problem for me ?
hi there , please reach out to us and let us know about your experience so that we can try to assist . thanks .
it is more certainly true !
we appreciate the kind words !
those are nice pics . anytime .
that is correct , 11/18 , cant wait to see you there .
please dm us so we can help you .
do you have your customer number handy and i can get an order placed for you .
i added the money onto the code
we are so glad you enjoyed them and thanks for the positive feedback !
you can email us here <E-MAIL>
we are sorry for the delay due to inclement weather . we will be moving once we get the signal that everything is okay .
yes there is a premium lounge . enjoy !
this does not come with our package .
everything is winning .
i 'm sorry , but we cannot do anything about the back-order . however , because of your warranty , we can offer you $ 1500 in rebates as well !
sorry to hear it , can you dm me your information so we can help ?
thanks for supporting us , we appreciate you !
if you send me a dm with your order number we can look into it .
i apologize , let me look it up for you .
dm your details and i will forward the info to our store relations team .
awesome !
it sure can !
no problem , we will contact you soon !
you can find it here <URL> .
no , we currently do not .
isn 't @moo ' s wonderful ? we love it too !
thank you for the recognition .
ha , funny . sounds like you 'e keeping up with the kids then .
great to hear that you like it .
please dm your order number and contact information so i can forward your complaint to our customer service team .
awesome ! good luck !
could you please dm us more info about your experience ? h
we 're currently rolling out a meter installation program to hopefully get meters in as many homes as possible , as soon as possible !
good morning , <USER> . we hope you 're having a great one so far . we do have measures in place to improve network quality in your area . can you let us know the exact problem you 're having today ? send a dm with the details . thanks !
i 'm sorry to hear about your experience , please email us directly , and we can try to resolve .
any order that was placed prior to 3/24 has been cancelled . you can get your refund here <URL>
please dial 550 on your phone and we will be happy to help with this .
oh , no - not cool at all ! can you send more details about this location to @311toronto ? thanks so much !
good news <USER> . please take a look at <URL> .
can you provide some more details at <E-MAIL> ?
just dm us for more info on our insurance offers .
we are working on a reply and should be with you within the half hour .
yes , it should be ready for pickup tomorrow .
sorry for the mix up . please dm me with your info and i will look into it . thanks
we 'll keep your suggestion in mind !
we are sorry for the inconvenience caused . please see the desk so we can make this right .
will you dm us with the specific details , please ?
please dm us , we are here to help you
i am rebooting , it is back up , you guys a great !
getting back to moo ...
i would like to help you with this . please dm me your reference number , and i will look into it right away .
check our latest tweet . it 's up now .
please update us on the status with contactless cards .
there appears to be a reported problem with the website . the company is aware of the problem and have announced that another online sale will be scheduled on october 10th . please be sure you have an account set up with the company so you can receive any additional emails for any other discounts . please let me know if i can assist you further .
sorry we can 't give out personal information
send us an email with your confirmation email and we will get the info to you !
we needed to discontinue it so we could focus on creating the best possible mobile site .
thanks for calling ! glad you got everything worked out !
correct .
we hate to hear you 're having a problem , please contact customer service at <NUMBERS> so we can make it up to you !
that 's not good ! send us a message so we can investigate this .
thanks for your patience . hang in there . thanks
we have had millions out and it may be weeks , you should have temporary towers in your area within 24 hours .
hi , if you contact us through dm we can get back to you on this .
sorry you 've been unhappy please let us know what we can do to rectify your issue
please send me a dm and i will do my best to look into this .
thanks for the shout out !
sorry to hear about that ! please message me with your account information so we can look into this .
may i ask what issues you are having ?
yes , wakefield college is open today .
sorry those appear to be sold out :(
working hard to have you off the ground
the buses do have to accommodate many people and so loading and unloading times vary greatly . so sorry you had to walk with no bus available to you for your route . sometimes there is a longer wait than usual and are unforeseen . will review it further and send it on to the correct department . thank you for letting us know and your concern for others waiting for the bus .
that 's lovely . thanks !
send your contact details and we will be happy to look into this matter for you .
yes we will , stay tuned !
hi <USER> - the local hotel may be able to help you with that if you contact them .
it makes us happy that you are happy ! thanks for sharing the good word !
awesome , thanks !
dm me your order for more help .
we are currently looking into the issue , expect a response by tomorrow !
#happyshopping !
sorry to hear that , please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can make it right .
our apologies . you shouldn 't have had that lengthy a wait .
thank you . connection has been tested and i need you to restart the phone and try again . feel free to message me again
happy birthday to her ! come by the guest services station at 100 and we will give her a lanyard .
the team was disbanded . is there anything else you want to know ?
we are so glad to hear ! thanks for the positive vibes .
yes they will !
we 're glad to hear how much you enjoy renting from us . enjoy your video !
the season ticket packages are due to roll out the month of october for the various sports and theatre packages . the college website will be posting them soon !
please try calling our reservation center . they 'll be there to help you . <NUMBERS> .
it should , i dont see why it wouldnt
if you would contact customer support they can sign you up and walk you through the steps you need to take .
i 'm sorry you feel this way . we strive to be number one in customer service !
sounds like cleveland fever and we will pass on your great ideas !
we are working very hard to make it available , stay tuned for updates !
what can we do to help ?
contact wyndham reward directly for more assistance .
the delays are all brief and will be be resolved shortly .
i am sorry you are so upset , is there something i can help you with ?
we 're sorry , but there has been a problem with a couple of our trucks . no deliveries today , i 'm so sorry .
dm us if you have any issues .
no problems i will wait for you and we can have some coffee . cheers
please send a screenshot so i can help you
if you visit <URL> you can easily unsubscribe from future emails . please let me know if i can assist you with anything else .
thanks so much . it affects all of us and we 're hoping something is done about it .
we are here to help . thanks
we certainly will ! we 'll pass this along to r & d . thanks !
have you tried restarting whatsapp
we are not aware of this , can you give us more details at <E-MAIL> ?
really sorry you went through that . hope they would have replaced it , if not more !
sorry to hear that . . we will contact you about this . please email you phone number to <E-MAIL>
you guys are great !
wow , that is going back , bonus points for a pic on twitter .
so sorry to hear about this ! here 's the link for resetting a forgotten password .
i have contacted dispatch to get you on the next shuttle asap >
sounds like the bubble bar , enjoy !
glad you like it
we are sorry you had this experience . please dm me the plate and your contact and we will look into it .
looks great ! thank you for sharing this !
awesome . glad to hear . hope you enjoy your order
if you dm me your telephone number i will check on the status of your renewal date and data usage .
yes , mobile orders should count . if you send me a pm with your details i can look further into the matter and assist you .
we have sent your feedback to our team .
we love the visuals ! thank you so much for the support !
we 're happy to fuel your day with #greattaste
what is your policy number , and we can look it up for you .
yes sure .
i am happy to hear you are enjoying the product !
ok , let 's try this . were you provided with a ticket reference after you emailed us ?
i will try and get this resolved for you today . what is the order number and name under which the tickets were purchased ?
that 's right . good luck !
we need to speak to the person cancelling for security purposes .
i can get this to you , i have sent the info <URL> , please confirm upon receipt .
i am so glad that it all worked for you and you can dm if anything comes up .
  great .
we hate to hear you are having trouble . what problems exactly are you having ?
thanks we will research this and get back to you soon .
hello there ! we want to ensure that your problem is resolved . please send us a message so we can start working on it .
i 'm really sorry to hear that . if you can direct message me with the details of your phone , we should be able to help ou with this .
please call us directly at <NUMBERS> so we can look into this for you .
enjoy it - you certainly deserve it ! :)
we 'll be in touch shortly by dm
it 's on the paper and starts with a 9
thanks ! we will pass your details on .
we would love to help but all we know is that they are vintage levi 's . go check out your local thrift store . they are cool . happy hunting .
were just making it more simple for to display if youre on our network or if youre roaming ! it doesnt affect your service . promise .
what time is your connect , i will do everything i can to get you there .
thanks for contacting us . you will need a clip to do that .
sorry to hear that , can you dm me your information so we can make it up to you ?
the instructions will be included in the email once we process the issue .
dm us so we can provide help .
sorry about that . we are currently working to resolve these issues . you can reach us at <NUMBERS> .
can you please dm us so we can offer you some more info ? thanks !
we 're happy we were able to satisfy your craving . thanks for sharing your experience !
<USER> could you please dm me with more details . this is very concerning .
sorry . i will look into that too .
i 've looked into this and i can confirm we don 't deliver to serbia and i 'm sorry about this .
nothing like a good bubble bath with your sister l ! enjoy !
is this issue still active ?
have you tried uninstalling the app and then reinstalling ?
we had a large drop in sales over the last two years , can i give you info on our other products ?
i will respond via dm soon .
i 'll send a note to station about this .
have you let customer service know ? they can help !
please dm us your details
yes you do , let me get them into your hands .
awesome ! thanks for sharing this with us , glad we could give you a great experience .
we can assist you further with this , please get in touch with us
we are expecting them to be available within the next 2 weeks . we have updates available her and you can sign up to be notified as well <URL> .
what time did you see this ? it could be a delay , or they could be on different routes .
our system returns the best options from remaining tickets . which venue were you looking at ?
hello ! you 'll find our loaves in asda , sainsburys , and more . use the stock locator to find a store near you : <URL> .
can you tell me what you have in your basket and dm me your karma account number ?
there is no midnight release planned .
the makeup show party is on the same night !
if you visit our website at <URL> you will find a form that helps you calculate those costs .
i am sorry to hear you are unhappy with our service , may i ask what the issue is ?
the jacket is available in west london 's storefront , please contact them directly to hold it for you !
call our total free 800 number for further assitance
i am unable to find that number . can you send it to us again ?
congrats ! children are such a blessing .
sorry but there is no platinum premium lounge in sfo .
so sorry . toronto is such a busy city there 's always something being worked on . hope you enjoy your weekend .
okay , send us a dm with your contact information and we will assist you .
your complaint has been logged and is being looked into .
please dm us information about your order and your contact info so we can help you resolve this .
it 's a very exciting time !
it can be used together with other offers , let us know if you need more info
we apologize . that certainly is unacceptable . please give us a call at <NUMBERS> .
we don 't have a specific date , but we do expect the update to come out within the next month .
hey sonia , please dm me and we can help with what ever you want .
you can get a similar plan that has social media apps . just dial 500 # and choose the option 4 to activate the plan .
what country are you located in so i may point you in the right direction ?
i can check to see if a different plan would work better for you .
sorry about the delay but we are glad to hear the food helped .
thanks , we love them too !
you are very welcome . everlane for you !
please contact us at <E-MAIL> and we will take care of you !
we are looking into it at the moment . in the meantime try clearing your browser history and check again .
thanks for sharing with us <USER> .
here you go ! <URL>
i will be happy to sort this out for you .
thank you , i have let that department know the details .
we sure hope so
haha hope it gets to you fast
please call us at the following number for further assistance .
sorry to hear that . please dm me so i can pass on the feedback !
we will sort out your problem as soon as possible .
i think the problem is with your hardware . please have it serviced by a professional . thanks .
they 'll be on there asap
would love to help you . it seems that this isn 't a us model number . where are you located ?
that 's great news . is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
hope we can help
we are here to help . send your questions <E-MAIL> and we will provide advice .
hello , we love your love for teavana iced tea . can you dm us so we can chat more ?
we provided refund details in your dm in order to maintain your privacy . thank you .
what problems are you having purchasing the product ?
thanks for being a faithful fan and i am proud as well .
if you bring the package and the unused portion to your aldi store , they 'll be happy to help you out !
the restocking of the items are still tbd , sorry .
those are the natural canvas classics that were written on by our team and are not for sale , sorry ! you can purchase the natural canvas classics and style it yourself .
please ask them when you check out at the store .
glad you were assisted , we had delays due to centers closing from weather , this should not be a regualr issues going forward .
would you mind sending me your order number
let me look into this for you . thank you for your patience .
tell us more about your experience .
please dm us so we can take a look
it happens sometimes , thank you for your concerns
hello ! send us a dm and we 'd be happy to help .
we just missed it ! we 'll have it added today , just for you . have a great day .
please email us directly so we can talk about our coverage that are available inside the zones that you have mentioned .
its sad to see this sometimes but hope it equals a win
we appreciate your feedback .
we are performing maintenance and safety work . no need for concern .
no problem !
i understand how you are feeling !
i love all their products !
hello ! if you order today , it should take about 10 business days to get to you . shipping details are available at <URL> .
i 'm sorry that you are experiencing this , @vmbusinesshelp should able to help you out fast
can you dm me with the times you encountered slowness ?
that is unfortunate , can you dm us please
can you please report your issue to <NUMBERS> so we can resolve the issue ?
i 'll send your feedback over to our design team ! we 're always grateful for our customers ' input . thank you !
really sorry to hear about this . can you tell me what is the situation exactly ?
love it ! which bath bomb are you using ?
can you dm us with your exact address and we will check into coverage in that area for you ?
do this for australia
yes this is the same for a international order .
i would love to help with this problem but we only handle electric and natural gas .
please visit our customer care page and voice your opinion and concerns there
thank you for the amazing feedback !
i am sorry if this will not meet your needs , can i give you some other options ?
please dm us your order number and address and we can look into this for you .
stay tuned and check back often !
contact us at <E-MAIL> .
if you would please let me have some additional information , i can put a review on your refund and get it moving a little faster . with our holiday schedule some things get backed up a bit . we appreciate your business and will try our hardest to get your refund to you in a timely matter . please let us know if we can assist you with anything else .
please provide your mobile phone number so i can look into this matter .
this is an exclusive , limited edition we have no restocking info for , but we will pass the interest with our team . we also cannot ship <URL> orders to canada .
the sun is bright and she will look great with the bright light .
thank you for letting us know !
our coffee is everywhere you go like 7-11 . you can buy it on the go too . cheers .
can you please send this to us in a dm with a contact email and we will send it along to the team . thanks
the consistency is quite different because of the gluten-free , but we 're always working on ways to improve our products . i 've passed along your feedback !
we still have more chicken for you .
may i ask what part of the website you are having issues with ?
if you have a first and last name or booking number , that should be enough for me to look things up .
i am so sorry for the delay . please send us a dm so we can look into your issue
we 're sorry to hear that . can you dm us your email so that we can have a rep reach out to you ?
aweful if you ask me so we would like to help you , please dm me when you can
i 'm sorry to hear that . please contact our uk headquarters at @blockbuster_uk )
wonderful ! thanks for sharing !
we 're so sorry you feel that way , but we 're happy to receive the feedback either way .
it is sometimes the only way around certain issues , you can read more at <URL> .
we apologize for the trouble . @payumoneycare should be able to assist you .
you 're welcome . drive safe .
you can go to any of our dealerships and they should be able to assist you .
we are sorry that you did not have a good experience with us . was everything worked out to your satisfaction ?
yes , just drop it off
we will pass on the info to our merch team .
we 're so sorry to hear about this incident ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
we are excited too !
i 'm sorry for your troubles . here 's the link <URL> you can use to get started on compensation .
you 're welcome ! any time .
we want to help you right here in this moment . sorry you 've been waiting . just send us a little more info in a dm with name and id number and we will do our best .
it is just a change we have made to the system , nothing else has changed !
we are so glad you are interested . we are still working , we will let you know when we have news !
we are sorry to hear that , can you tell us more ?
i 'm sorry . can you send us your tracking number so we can assist you ?
your request has been submitted .
i 'm so sorry that this is happening .
sorry to hear that , the airline and airport you 're at is known for issues .
who knows ? but we can find out !
hi . we do have an online store locator for a specific product . just input the postcode and choose crumpets
dm me your name , and order details in order to receive more help .
excellent ! thanks so much for sharing news of your experience . we 're glad you had a great time . :)
no problem ! enjoy the weekend
please return the chair to the location you purchased it for an exchange or full refund . furthermore , please give me the information on the specific store so we can have someone follow up .
our apologies for the confusion , please contact our team at <E-MAIL> to resolve your issue .
thank you , our team has been notified .
there are some service delays in houston . we are doing our best to get packages delivered quickly as possible .
oh kids these days , they love gadgets
go gladiators ! if you have pics there tweet them to @tweetqtv you might see yourself on the humongotron !
we don ; t have that information readily available , but if you keep following us , you 'll be the first to know when we announce them .
we don 't ship there yet , but check out <URL> for local options
we are very sorry to hear about this situation . please send us an email at <E-MAIL> for more assistance .
hi <USER> sorry for the trouble this may have caused
we are sorry to hear , can we call you , please inbox us your number and best time to call <E-MAIL>
we are sorrt you have had these issues , would you please forward details so these issues can be addressed .
really sorry to hear this . please contact us here <NUMBERS> and we can help you .
we are sorry to hear this . please let @ntelcare to resolve this for you .
sorry to hear that , can you give us more details at <E-MAIL> ?
we love to help you . i can now see a technician is assigned to help you and this should be resolved shortly .
we sure are ! glad to have your support !
i am sorry that things aren 't working properly for you , please send in the details and your order number on dm and we will start a refund for you .
glad i was able to help . enjoy your week !
are you planning on partying with us ?
hello . yes , we offer on board entertainment for all flights longer than 4 hours . if you want to know the exact movies and channels available please look at our website under flight information . that information is kept up to date .
oops ! what can we do to help ?
please give us your order number for speedy service
glad you enjoyed the movie .
glad to hear you enjoy shopping with us !
you are making us blush , thank you for the great feedback
we are happy you had a positive experience .
well , we have that to look forward to , don 't we ? we 'll see .
hello , please send me both order numbers so i can look into this right away !
sorry you are not happy with the service . please send us a message with your account information so we can look into the problem .
please contact us immediately at <E-MAIL> so that we may resolve your issue .
please dm us your details for assistance
please send us the information on your voucher so we can figure out where the problem is .
yes , as the pricess wishes .
so sorry that the quality was substandard . please return them for a full refund . thanks
so sorry for the inconvenience . we 're aware of this and working on it now .
here is hoping for a win tonight !
what is the store location ? sorry for the delay !
sorry about stopping that . luckily though we do have a store now !
we can 't wait to see what you come up with !
we saw your tweet ! keep an eye on @cavs & <URL> for more info soon !
awesome ! fist bumps !
those were the days of myspace !
that is not our usual wait time ! please feel free to elaborate so we can resolve this issue .
we appreciate your input . we endeavor to provide a seamless experience for all of our clients  .
please click unsubscribe in the bottom of the message
all the bands are as they appear on our website .
please send your order number so that we can match it up with a tracking number .
thanks for the support my friend #uptheblues ! <URL>
thanks for asking . we hope to have the ikea store open in late fall 20
please let us make this right . how can we reach you ?
if you 're using a computer , you should see a video on the top of the screen .
what 'd you think of the latest album ?
could you please provide me with the train number you are on and i 'll find out what 's going on .
<USER> , i am sorry to hear this . can you contact me via dm so i can help you directly .
i 'm sorry it 's not working out . can you tell me what issues your 'e having ?
it may anytime .
we hope you find something to tickle your fancy and it is always a pleasure for us to do so !
great photo !
yes , they are all suitable during and after pregnancy . my favorite is the lavender . i hope that answers your question !
glad to help . will send on your response to the appropriate department . could you give me the date and area of the assistance ? so glad things went well with you .
yes , please email us here <E-MAIL> so we can get in touch .
our team will contact you soon .
that is never fun ! would you please dm me with your order number so i can assist you
please dm us to chat about this matter with a member of our team .
you 're welcome . happy to help . have a great day /
love to hear it !
keep an eye out late summer / fall for it .
this is the top of the line a real beauty and beast .
great , i see your package is out for delivery , it should be there by end of the day .
do you have the code you dialed ?
nice to hear and thanks for the support . cheers
we regret to hear this . kindly , send us a dm with further details and we will look into this .
couriers are being hammered , please give them some extra time
this is awesome , we love seeing positive things
please check dm for details
what was the nature of your issue ?
can i get a notification where they are back up ?
wonderful ! thanks for sharing !
the tracking number information .
she must of got a good deal , good luck with college !
hi mike . sorry you are having an issue . i 'm including our customer team to help and give you an update .
no payment needed .
can you please dm us with all relevant information ? thank you .
hi <USER> our mobile team would love to assist you
great photo ! thanks for the shout out !
happy to have you on out team !
we apologize if it is poor
unfortunately , these items are no longer in stock .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your exact location and contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
<USER> we look forward to your future business !
yes , they are . <URL>
these events will be separate with a reception backstage to pass the time .
thanks for stopping by .
our customer care team will send you a replacement , please contact them
dm me with your information and details and you may be eligible for compensation for your issues .
no one should tell the next person how to live .
it was a scheduled upgrade to your unit
we are glad you are happy !
we know you 'll do fine donna , here 's a clover for luck 
<USER> we want you to have the best experience possible . will you please send us a dm so that we can look into this ?
please give us a call at 800 - subaru 3 or visit us here :
please send a dm and we 'll help you ! :)
wonderful ! hope to see you there at the @purelycosmetics and @tobetterskin booth
will contact you asap
hi <USER> , we appreciate the review . we 're proud of the chargers we sell !
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
we want to help in this terrible time of tragedy any way we can . i 'm glad we could make things right .
this is unethical behaviour from them
sorry to hear this . is this happening on other tribe apps ?
we do have some third party videos at <URL> .
we try our best !
good luck !
we have responded , thank you .
so sorry to hear that ! dm me for further assistance !
hello . the next ride guide is scheduled to be released tentatively october 4 with a second date for release on october 12 .
i am sorry this is going on . our team is aware and we don 't have a projected time , but assure you we are working dilligently .
please let me know if you have any further issues . i 'd be happy to help .
please send us a dm with where you saw the rebate and the code so we can look into this for you .
we are sorry to hear about your poor experience . please email us directly so that we can resolve issues .
hi <USER> can you dm me your <NUMBERS> so i can call and talk to you more ?
contact tomorrow and we can process a credit then if you desire .
i apologize for the problems you experienced . please dm me with a number where i can reach you directly .
sorry to hear this ! please dm us and we will work to give you new shoes .
thank you for contacting us . i will check your order status now .
i am sorry you experienced this . you can call <NUMBERS> they will be glad to assist you .
thanks for the compliment ! we really wanted to make these something special !
we 're on the way , should be out for delivery today .
we would like to look into this . can you please dm us the details ?
email us and we will be happy to help you .
it might not be the service , may be the phone
i am sorry for the delay , let me look up your information and see what is causing this .
hi can i please have your information starting with first and last name so i can look up your order number .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
bring it on !
we are doing our best to get it back out there for your son . thanks for your patience and our apologies for the troubles !
yes , journeys is an authorized seller .
thanks for letting us know . passing your comment on to the billing department .
you can contact us at <E-MAIL> , sorry .
good luck ! you 're going to do great !
i am sorry to hear that . i assure you , the safety of you and your family is our first concern .
we are so glad you shop with us ! !
sorry for the confusion . happy to be of service !
so sorry to hear this , have you contacted us ? if not please do so
sorry to hear that ! the train was cancelled because of crew shortage . hopefully this doesn 't keep happening .
good luck !
sorry for the trouble you 've been going through . please dm us your email address , and we will manually unsubscribe you
sorry to have been so late . would like to make it right if you would reach out to us .
glad we could help out . let us know if you have any further issues .
we would be happy to help . send a dm with details on what you 're looking for .
i will email you tracking info right now . let me know when you receive it !
unfortunately , monday is the soonest possible delivery .
we 're so sorry you 're having problems , please contact us directly so we can see if we can get it resolved .
please message us with your account information so we can look into the problem .
the last resort is a reset because this will delete everything in your phone .
seattle 's best coffee just for you . cheers .
ok . i 'll try again . if i still can 't talk to someone who speaks the same language as me , i will cancel my card and find another provider .
we can look into this
sure , what would you like help with ?
ok ! please see our warranty instructions here .
calling emergency services now .
please dm us with particulars of your stay . we would like to make this right for you .
sorry for the quote . please contact customer service for a refund . thanks
you must purchase it directly from our office .
please check the following <URL> troubleshoot page . dm us if you need additional help .
i will look into that and make sure any charges are waived .
we enjoy your feedback
looking for ward to seeing you <USER>
we will take that into consideration . thank you for your input .
please gather all heads if possible
if you have any questions we 'd love to help
sorry about your situation . please be assured that we are working toward a solution
that is a tongue twister !
thanks for reaching out to us , dm us with more specific information and we 'll look into this .
sure can !
please dm @ fedexhelp with your contact info so that we may help .
hi ! the parcel is dispatched and on its way to you , here 's the tracking information
yes it is !
we are so glad that you love it as much as we do .
i 'm sorry to hear that . can you please dm your details so that we may help you .
sorry to hear you had a bad experience . what happened and how can we help make it better ?
hi , it is not lost but research is being done as we speak , when we receive a update we will let you know .
awesome , looking forward to seeing your photos !
goodnight and pleasant dreams !
we liked the savannah too . life evolves . gotta keep changing and growing right ? we have styles that are similar , would you like to check those out ?
this news is disturbing . will you inform us of any issues you have with the channels ?
we are sorry to hear about your experience .
that 's awesome , thanks for the feedback !
i have passed on the message to him
that sounds like a celebration to me .
it starts soon , keep an eye out in the next hour
this should not be the case , can you contact us at <E-MAIL> ?
<USER> you need to head to nyc this weekend and get a pair !
sorry , i am not sure what happened here , can you give us some more deails ?
that sounds like it would be an interesting experience .
ok , how long will that take ?
we are working hard to resolve your issue .
great , thanks for getting back to us . we are looking into this matter and will be in touch .
what is exactly incorrect in the listing ?
if you would email me i would like to make it right for you . alex @ familyvideo
sorry to hear that , <USER> ! can you dm me your order number and i 'll take a look at what happened ?
sorry it 's taken so long for a replay i can assure you we are working on it
the tracking for all items as one was shipped today .
yes , that would be an awesome idea .
you can check out the full line up here <URL> !
thanks and i am glad you enjoyed it !
sprint family is your family
we love to hear about satisfied customers .
pretty awesome stuff !
they can enter also .
we are considering adding that option in the future .
it is sunny and a mild 65 degrees .
there is no recall , but i can give you some options for this known issue .
unfortunately i am not seeing those emails . did you receive an automated reply after you sent them .
<USER> , i am sorry for the inconvenience this has caused . please file a case with us and we will see what kind of benefits you are eligible for . please use this specified <URL> link so i can look into it personally .
that doesn 't sound like it 's any fun , be sure to check back next week and hopefully you will find your name there , good luck .
i am sorry to hear that this occurred on our bus . i will send this off to maintenance for them to check into it asap .
i am so sorry to hear this ! please contact customer service at <NUMBERS> and they will further assist you with this matter .
you can even dm us with your return address or go to the local store for an exchange .
hi yes strollers are allowed , but will need to be checked in at the security office located at section 118 .
we are glad to have you as a customer .
let 's win this , right ?
i 've looped in our help team who should be able to assist
send us a dm so we can further assist .
it 's great to respond to the environment .
can you please provide some more details at <E-MAIL> ?
always free to contact us
please contact the beat buy where you purchased the earbuds for further assistance .
i apologize . i 'll talk to my supervisor and see what she can do . customer service is very important to us .
wow , sorry to hear about this . can you send us a dm , with the info on purchase location and when you bought them ? then we can get to the bottom of this .
good luck to you ! let us know what happens !
woohoo ! good to hear !
we will have someone address the unfortunate service you received at that location and in the meantime , please let me know how we can make it up to you .
i am going to send this information over to our tech department now and they will work to resolve it for you .
can you try this link please ?
we apologize for any inconvenience , can i give you some other gluten free options ?
can you explain in more detail what went wrong ?
very awesome to hear
can you share what you had ?
dm us to resolve the website issues you are having .
please call over the phone for a refund .
thank you for the support ! :)
yes it does . for more info contact support . thanks
look on the packing slip that came in the box , the order number is located on the top of the page and on the right . let me know if you have problems locating it .
i understand , i will look into why this occurred .
breathtaking shots ! thanks so much for sharing !
not a problem , i am happy to assist you !
our team is not currently available .
sorry to hear this . can you please dm details so we can resolve this ? thanks .
you can contact our service desk to get routing information .
great !
send us your order number via dm for more help .
this is not the experience we want to provide . it looks like we interacted with you on 31/08 / 2017 . can we assist you any further ?
thanks ! i 'm glad to hear you are enjoying it .
sorry to hear that . what was the bus number ?
we will not , this isn 't a ticketmaster event .
so sorry to hear you are being inconvienced ! please dm me for further assistance !
i am sorry that this happened to you and would like to personally assist you if you would dm me with your issue i will see what i can do .
thank you for your positive words . you can check out more about us at this website .
please dm me your account number and ill help you resolve this issue .
cheers to 200k miles !
sorry but we do not offer that feature yet .
i 'm sorry to hear this happened ! will you please dm me with your order number so we can fix this for you ?
we appreciate the feedback . we will address this issue asap with our team .
yes , it sure is !
my apologies for your past experiences . please dm me your reg / vin info at vauxhall and i can further assist you .
sorry , we can 't just give free shoes to just anybody :D
not a problem !
please dm us your number and we will help you .
our team is here for you , please reach out
you can subscribe at * 555 # and then option 5
sorry to hear about your issues . please confirm you are texting tfsstop to 83080 .
please send me a dm so i can look further into this .
sure text me at ( 12345 ) and i return it for you .
we will have more in the next week !
hello ! can you please dm us more details so we can help you resolve the issue ? thanks !
hello user , i will be happy to pass your suggestion on to the department that handles the entertainment we offer .
