hello , you can contact the dealer for assistance with this matter .
wonderful ! thank you for sharing them .
you are very welcome ! thanks again !
the actual number is 45926 . please try again and let me know if you experience any further delays .
sorry to hear this , we are working on it !
i can help you with this , please provide tracking number please
yes we can cancel a line in store .
hi there - i do apologize for the confusion . would you please tell me which excursion date and time you are looking at ?
currently there is no set date for restock , stay tuned to our social media pages for more information .
our local customer support has information about the features on the phone . url
that does not sound right , please dm your info so i can take a look into this
sorry we missed you .
sorry its a little late but give it another half hour
we currently do not have restocking info . we will be sure to share your feedback with our product team however .
indeed ! enjoyed the show today !
thank you for the feedback casie . always nice to hear that our consumers love the products as much as we do !
sorry to hear there 's a delay for your flight , <USER> ! let us see if we can work something out for you !
that is nasty , i 'm sorry for your experience , can you please send us the location you went to ?
hope you enjoy the offer
thanks ! have a good friday .
sure , i can call . give me one moment , please .
i apologize for holds times , were you not helped ? if not please dm us
i 'm sorry that this was your experience ! please direct message us the model number and we will get to work on sorting this out for you .
glad we could help ! thanks for your service .
those look fantastic we are happy that you enjoyed them .
can you send us a dm that contains the vin number of the vehicle so we can double check if this is a feature . thanks !
thank you for the report ! we will look into this .
we are working on this issue and you should get your code very soon .
you can read about our offers at <URL> .
we would like to compensate you for this inconvenience . <URL>
i am guilty of that as well
that 's terrible ! please dm us with your information .
sorry to hear that . did you ever get through ?
sure ! send us your information .
that sounds amazing ! what lush goodies did you enjoy tonight ?
congratulations
they will remain valid as long as your account exists .
we apologize . we genuinely look forward to your application in the future !
indeed she has , with typical madonna aplomb .
do you mind if i send this comment to the rest of the team ?
hello we are sorry for the bad experience please go to our website and under help click on request a refund .
i am sorry to hear you had a bed experience . please send me a dm so we can try to remedy this situation .
i am so happy for you
get in touch with us with your logmein id and we can resolve this matter
hi there . sorry you 're having trouble . can you dm us more details ?
not my cup of tea .
wonderful pictures ! thank you for sharing . what was your favorite aspect of the experience ?
we try to estimate as accurately as possible . sorry .
hello , i would like to add your issue to our database to ensure our support sees it . can you tell me what app you are using and if your os is updated ? thank you .
back at you !
call us and dial 3 to be put through to the infotainment support line .
congrats ! what car are you driving these days ?
can you send us a message if you are encountering issues so we can look into it further please ?
we hope you enjoyed your coffee and friend time at #blissdom today and look forward to seeing you again soon . we appreciate your business .
we 'll go ahead and take a look at your account . have you re-activated your account recently ?
can you please clarify your question ?
that 's hilarious !
so sorry ! please send us your issue and account information so we can assist with your problem .
it 's always great when things resolve on their own ! please let us know if there is anything else we can do for you in the future !
hello <USER> . i 'm sorry that you were confused . send us an email at <E-MAIL> .
thank you . please feel free to follow up via email or dm here .
our customers are great .
glory comes to those who wait !
thanks ! hope all is well .
you can now view crossland x in our showrooms !
ikr ! where did you stay ?
you are very welcome !
i 'd love to see if we can get you some compensation for that , <USER> . please visit <URL> to see what can be done .
have you tried to clear the cache ? that may fix your issue .
hi , our customer service team typically responds within one business day . is there something i can help with ?
hi ! you can use our trip planner to check out all our routes at <URL>
that is heartening to know !
or skipping the glass and drinking straight from the bottle ... #professionallush
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
<USER> , thank you for being this to our attention , if you tell me your location , i can check and see if anything is being run through us in the neighborhood .
good luck ! hopefully the weather holds .
you have terrible taste in movies .
if you 'd like , you can bring the bag to your aldi for assistance
hello ! can you send us more info so we can help ?
awesome ! we love satisfied customers
hi there , my name isabelle . i 'd be glad to help you out if you dm me your home address , phone number and tracking number . :)
hello again . please check the messages for our answer .
we are sorry to hear your experience , please dm or email us
i totally agree !
thanks . i 'll look into it .
if you could , dm us with more details . thanks !
sorry to hear about the issues you 've had , please dm or email us at <E-MAIL> and we will help you .
i 'm sorry but no you can not buy that product . please let me know if i can help with anything further .
unfortunately we don 't , sorry .
what size are you looking for ?
sorry about that . you may be eligible for compensation <URL>
thank you for the heads up . we will look into this asap .
hello ! the accommodation will vary based on your reservation type . may i have your last name and / or confirmation number ?
we have provided a link please follow it .
sorry to hear you are not satisfied with the app . please provide feedback via our website as we look to improved upon it .
i hate to hear that . how can i help ?
hi there , sorry to hear you 're having trouble . what seems to be the issue , i 'd be glad to help you out .
dm us with your info please
what a thing of beauty .
sorry to hear . it is online with out pricing policy
hello user . there is no recommendation as of yet . usually it is parents that decide that . we do have shoes for infants of all ages .
i 'm sorry to hear that . can you give me your location and i 'll contact the next driver to make sure they stop ?
thanks for sharing your good experience with us , <USER> ! we appreciate you !
this is terrible ! please dm us the date / time and street where you saw this .
hello . our starbucks baristas are told that no refills are a company policy . the tea and other items at day 's end are collected for nearby homeless shelters . we at starbucks are sorry for your inconvenience but not adhering to company policy is a firing offence and the baristas are within their job requirements to uphold company policies . if you can give me the store address , we will review the incident . again , sorry for your inconvenience . please let us know if we can assist you with anything else .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to see if we can compensate you further !
we 're sorry you had a bad experience . if you dm or email us , we can help further help you with this matter .
contact us at <E-MAIL> and we can help you out !
this is awesome ! we do our best at being thebest
sorry for your trouble . give me just a second , and i will check to see if there is an issue in your area .
so sorry to hear that . please send us a dm for assistance .
you can always contact the hotel
that is disappointing , can you please dm us your information ?
so sorry to hear this . shoot us an email so we can rectify this problem .
i 'm sorry to hear this . if you can dm me your information , i 'll make sure we get you out another version and will also put in a certificate for 2 free titles .
sorry , you are calling a number that is out of service . the correct number is (8 00 ) 555-222
we are sorry but its our policy and cannot be changed
this is ever so troubling to hear , as we take great pride on all of our facilities . please don 't hesitate to email us <E-MAIL> as we would like to follow up with you regarding this filth and bug infestation .
we appreciate your concerns but we are working hard on building a vegan selection
good choice .
we always love the support !
<USER> perhaps all three !
please send us a message so we can look into why this occurs .
glad you are having a great experience
please dm me with your grievances . we 'd hate to lose you as a customer .
please dm and i will check it out .
we are looking to fix service asap .
hey rob ! please call us at <NUMBERS> so we can look into it for you .
morning , can you clarify what you 're referring to ?
you 're more than welcome . thank you for letting us know how we 're doing .
hi there , please dm us with your email and we can assist you .
no , we do not .
we want to hear more from you , please give us feedback when you are done
i 'm sorry you had this experience . we strive to provide our customers with the experience they expect and deserve !
thank you for this information .
thanks for your interest ! here 's a link for a discount coupon and an opportunity to give us more feedback !
this order was refunded and a credit code was given .
you can enroll anytime at <URL>
you will have to check with your local dealer .
great ! thanks for showing your support for twala ! i 'll be sure she gets the message .
we 're so glad to hear it 's gone so well ! thanks for sticking with us and being a loyal patron !
sorry to hear that ! let me try to help . give me your name , address and tracking number , and i will see what i can do to get your packages to you asap !
you should google talk is good
we can help you if you dm with contact info and tracking .
please dm us with your email address so we can resolve this issue .
there are so many options , please see our website for comparisons
nothing like waking up to a fresh roast !
i 'm sorry to hear that . however , we do strive to carry as many sizes as possible online .
what model is your vehicle ?
this is an interesting avenue to explore - and a great story to tell .
you may be eligible for compensation . visit <URL> .
i am sorry to hear about your delay . what can i do to help ?
if you would dm us your account info and a good time to get a hold of you , i 'd be happy to follow up .
i 'm sorry you had a bad experience . please send us a dm or email at <E-MAIL> so we can address your concerns .
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
we will continue to work until the repairs are done .
been there myself . you 'll be fine . :)
if you follow @theqassist we can talk through a dm
can you please dm me with further info ?
please give me your address and i can run a search for closest locations .
what is the link to the product , and the number from your receipt so i can look up your order
the rest of the product that you haven 't eaten . just bring that in to the store or send us a dm with your phone and email and we can do our best to help .
<USER> , we 're sorry you 're having issues , please dm us your info so that we can further assist you .
dm us for assistance .
we apologize for this . send us a dm with your order number so we can resolve this for you .
if you send me a dm i would be happy to look into this for you .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
i understand . can you please dm us your order number so we can look into this for you ?
thanks so much for letting us know !
yes we actually do have them , would you like more info
it appears it is only going to be available until halloween .
you 're welcome . was it fun ?
i am very sorry for your inconvenience . i am reporting this to the technical department right now , and will contact you as soon as i have an answer .
hi <USER> sorry to hear this , if you get in touch with our customer team , they 'll assist you further .
amazing !
can you send me a dm with more details clarifying and the vin ?
please send me your tracking info and i 'll get on it .
as a consumer myself i understand your concern . i assure you that i will do the best i can for you in this situation . we appreciate your continued business and will make this right for you .
we 're always here to help ! here 's a link to file a case .
how about tal ben haim ?
please send a dm with the order number and we 'll check .
we have no plans for that yet , but check for updates <URL>
id be more than happy to help you . just dm me your info and we can get started on a resolution
you can check our customer care page @iwcare , and they will make sure you 're taken care of .
thanks for cheering us on and hopefully we keep playing at times you can catch us !
i have replied to your message , let me know if you need anything else
love the shirt and the deal . great buy .
thank you for sharing dont forget that tuesday is buy one get one craft beers as well .
thanks for sending love <USER>
we always try to get you the things youv 'e ordered ahead of the projected delivery date . sometimes items ship from different locations , and they arrive a day or two apart . i expect your items will be at your door shortly .
hi there , so sorry to hear of your frustrations . we are currently experiencing technical issues , and are working to resolve these as soon as possible . keep checking back for updates , and thanks for your patience !
glad to hear it ! thanks for passing on the awesome feedback
good for you shannon ! we are here if you need assistance in finding your first car .
thanks for your input ! we 're working hard on broadening our audience . dm us and we can keep you in the know !
please send me the roder number via dm .
if you you email us at <E-MAIL> then we will direct you to the appropriate procedures for such an event .
followed , please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
can you please send us your information to be able to help you ?
it is the first time we have heard of this , we will be looking into it .
we are very sorry to hear that your order was not complete . please contact customer support via dm , email , or phone with your information so that we can better assist you .
what do you need help with today ?
thanks for the shout out ! here 's a coupon for her for 25 % off her next purchase .
yep , that sounds about right !
it 's a helter skelter !
hi , you can find the closest dealership to you in the following page .
no , the plan will not be affected .
i am sorry . this is something that is ongoing . send a dm with specifics and i can look into it further .
let me see what 's going on and get back to you .
hello <USER> you simply add the shirt size you want and place the order .
most can be used temporarily as a shampoo , but i don 't think there 's any i would recommend as a permanent substitute !
i 'm happy we could help .
which route are you waiting for ?
sorry but no . if you are interested the bt br-c 3 is also great .
thanks for reaching out . look for our response via dm .
we are sorry to hear your having issues connecting . can you dm me a little more information so that i can see what maybe causing the issue ?
good luck !
so sorry to hear about your negative experience . please send a dm or email for further assistance .
for sure !
we 've built a solution to get you compensation for flight delays . check us out : <URL>
apologies for the inconvenience , we are checking on it .
we apologize for the interruption . please send us a dm with your email so we can figure it out .
sorry to hear you 've had a bad experience . what exact issue are you experiencing ?
we 're sorry to hear that . we are doing our best .
see if refreshing your browser works .
there is a service outage in your area that will be back up in a few hours
if you refuse delivery , you should be able to reorder in two to three days , returning to a direct store is also an option .
you will get more information from our website or by contacting us directly on our 1-800- subaru number .
hi , i 'm sorry you didn 't have a good experience with our customer service team . is there any way i can help ?
so sorry to hear about the issues you 're experiencing . can you please contact us at <NUMBERS> for assistance ?
we 'll pass your request to the design team ! thanks ! !
thank you for supporting us
can you be more specific about your issues ?
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info and details ? we 'd be happy to help .
hi , iphone is included in our program .
hello . please provide your order number and i will track its current status .
i have checked and responded to your dm .
because there isn 't room , and america has always been a bastion for the hopeless .
i 'm so sorry . please direct message me the details and i will look into solutions for you .
we will compensate customers for delays .
we 're so sorry to hear about this . have you contacted the customer service team ?
please share your concerns with us . we are always striving to improve our customer service . thanks .
hi <USER> , we 'll look into what happened . please direct message us and we will get to the bottom of it right away !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
snacks and non alcoholic beverages should be available . beer sales will end during the cavs game .
i am so sorry to hear this , can i please have your order number so i can look into this for you
have you contacted customer service about this issue ?
that isn 't what we want to hear :( please dm me and i would be happy to assist you
we take such issues seriously and would like to hear more in detail via dm . please reach out to us as soon as possible .
please dm your name , delivery address , tracking and phone number .
happy to help . can see the confusion . doors are open at 6 ! enjoy
we 're sorry to hear that <USER> . we can be reached at <NUMBERS> or <E-MAIL> if you would like our customer care team to help you out .
no i 'm sorry they are not . we cannot see items purchased
please dm your name , tracking number , phone , and address so we may help you .
we 're so happy to know you 're pleased ! !
we welcome your feedback . thank you
hello , thank you for your concern . we are happy you have taken the time to contact . let me pull up your reservation . what was your confirmation number ?
i apologize for any inconveniance that this has caused you , can i let you know of our other payment options ?
go blue go ! ! !
hi there ! we love your choice ! fantastic . thanks for the shout-out !
you are one of our favorite customers .
i 've done some troubleshooting on my end for you . please restart your phone to see it 's working now .
no problem !
if you are looking for something new be sure to check out our rovers <URL> )
we have sent this on to our support team so they can look into it . your reference number is <NUMBERS> .
please send us your order number and we will look into this immediately .
sorry we are only able to support products in the usa . please see <URL> for more details
please contact cs at <E-MAIL> with your car details .
glad to hear we can help .
glad you are happy with your plan
sorry to hear this , please contact us so we can answer all issues
please send a tweet to @tmiecs and they can handle it better for you !
we have sent a message in your dm 's so we can further assist you .
thanks for reaching out . i would be happy to assist you today with your concerns .
always here to assist
thanks so much for sharing our post !
keep an eye out its coming soon
thanks so much for your support , mate !
hello , would you like tracking information ? please dm your address and contact info to us so we can check that out .
that 's awesome ! let me know if theirs anything i can do to help !
please call our service support
we assure you that you will get your rewards .
redshirt is useful for some segments of the population , but not for everyone .
we 're actually anticipating lower rates effective the first of the year !
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
we 're happy that you 're happy !
that can help , might i suggest meditation during that stretch , here is a link to what i do . <URL>
have you heard of a reason for the delay ?
can you dm us your order number so we can provide further assistance ?
we sort the materials in house now !
thanks for the reccomendation
hello user . can you please explain your situation to me so i may be of service to you .
we are very sorry about that , please email <E-MAIL> so we can look into the problem .
sorry about your order , it look like the problem have been resolved but if there is anything else you need give us a call or email us we will see what we can do to help .
i 'm sorry to hear about this experience . do you have any suggestions that could help us improve ?
so sorry for your negative experience . try <NUMBERS>
we want to help you with reviving your love of photography so give us a dm of the issues you seem to be having .
hi there ! thanks for letting us know ! feel free to reach out if you need us .
we aren 't sure of when but we will keep you informed .
check out the international us dollar to see if that works for you .
please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
that is terrible ! please dm me your reservation number and vacation details .
please dm us your e-mail so we can help .
i don 't think i will be at thursday 's game .
wizardly work would be awesome . sorry that this happened . please send us an email or a dm and we will help you out !
let 's go , aus ! !
i have heard he has an account , but i am not sure .
thank you .
if you need any help let us known we will be happy to help .
this is a recurring problem and we are doing out best to fix it . we are aware , please dm us for more information
send us a dm and we can communicate about this further .
sorry we do not issue refunds on already viewed movies , we can give you credit though
we would like to work with you . please send us a dm so we can help .
sorry but there is an outage . we are working on fixing it asap
woot !
glad to be of help ! let us know if the status hasn 't changed in the next two days !
i can flag your account so it is a prioritize the issue for customer service . they are currently answering the requests in the order they were received .
hello , click this link to see which breads are available at which location
we 've now resolved this issue and will be checking it daily . thanks for your patience .
we appreciate your feedback . you can now register , we have made updates .
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! but we can 't find any troubles . maybe try again ?
yes , you can do it ! go go go !
you 're welcome . i 'm hear if you have any further needs .
hi , please email at <E-MAIL> . thank you .
thank you for sharing your thoughts ! how long have you been using our service ?
thanks for the details , someone will contact you shortly .
sorry , we don 't have restocking info right now , but youth sizing two sizes down could work .
hi <USER> , yes the plan will be charged when it expires . you won ; t be able to buy a new sim until it does .
we are sorry to hear this , has the workshop been informed ?
just submit a claim .
i am on a cruise ship right now .
thank you , we will put a team on it right away .
we can 't help with rebooking . please check with the airline 's customer service at the airport for options .
hmm that is unusual , please check your dm for troubleshooting
hello user . please tell me what your issue is and i will be happy to resolve it .
they should be in your box almost immediately . can you dm us your order number / numbers ?
free and coffee . two things you can 't go wrong with !
yes , please email <E-MAIL> .
please dm us the details
contact us directly for further assistance .
i am not seeing any problems , can you send me your current location ?
thanks for contacting us about your issue . we 'd like to find out more - please pm us your number .
hi there , i would like to make this right . please send us a dm with your name , address and tracking number .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
have fun !
hi , my name is leslie . please send me a dm with your name , address and tracking and phone number so i can look into it for you .
we are very sorry to hear about this , please send us a dm with more details .
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
you 've got that right !
i " m sorry to hear that . can you direct messge me the promo code and your order humber ?
sorry to hear about your troubles . please dm me with your info so we can provide further assistance
sorry to hear that , please go to our software page <URL> for our upgrade plans see if that will help .
didn 't you win the euro lottery recently ? if i 'm right , i 'm going to rub your tweet for luck .. but not in a weird way .
well done ! that 's great news !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
the delivery will be made within 5 days
we 're happy to hear it ! which piece is really catching your eye ?
you 'll get it back once we receive the items - can you confirm the correct size so we can make sure this doesn 't keep happening ?
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
please dm us so we may look into the issue
union square is our biggest store <URL>
i 'm sorry , please dm your address & tracking number and i 'll check it out for you .
let me check what nearby stores have the flavors you want
our company deeply apologizes for any inconvenience the recall may have caused .
please call <NUMBERS> the customer advocate team will help you . please let them know that no one has helped you thus far .
for your security , i need to discuss this in private . please dm and i will be happy to help .
alright , we 've refunded your order . please expect the funds within 3 business days to credit .
can you please email <E-MAIL> so we can resolve the issue ?
sorry to hear this . please dm so we can assist .
of course we can help ! can you send me a dm of your detais ?
id love to help you . all you need to do is dm me your info and we can get started .
gill you can message me to discuss this further . have a blessed day .
it seems that these have been sent to you . if you did not receive the tracking number i can resend it to your email now . please ensure that xx@mycompany.com is indicated as a trusted sender in your email settings .
i will be happy to provide you contact information and to give you a case number to reference .
no , it was #23 that caused the penalty kick .
love it #collaboration .
i cannot be more excited
sure thing , dm us your cross street and zip code where you are having the issue from
can you elaborate ? proving world class customer service is my priority .
please send us a direct message immediately so we can look into this matter . we take these matters very seriously .
they will clear x-ray .
thanks so much !
i see . it looks like there 's another one on its way in 10 minutes .
@wind_cares has updates about disruptions in your region .
thanks for the support mate ! proud to be #qlder
i would love for you to share your look sometime .
thanks for sharing your beautiful photos , we loved printing them ! )
thanks , we love them too !
that sucks ! can you please dm us ?
shoot a dm with your phone number to @cvshealth and we will be in touch
send us a dm to further assist you .
hey , we would like to know more , please dm us .
ah , thank you . would you please tell me the name and model of the device you are using , as well as the browser ? it may be a software issue .
many things can effect battery performance . please check the following url . <URL>
we would be happy to look if you will dm us your order number .
please contact our customer service to help you out .
i 'm sorry for the mistake . please send me the info at <URL> so we can follow up .
let me get a hold of dispatch and send what 's going on for you .
that 's great . hope you didn 't get a late fee .
can 't stop , won 't stop !
keep your eyes open , we have plans for it coming soon !
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
thank you for your message . you should see a reply .
yum , we 're glad you like it ! thanks for sharing !
we saw this tweet for <URL> login or for @cavsteamshop login ?
we received your email . we will contact you soon .
please send me your address so i can pinpoint the issue .
did you finally get moving ?
so glad to hear it was resolved ! again sorry for your issue .
that 's great to hear , thanks for the feedback . please dm me your reg so i can pass on your compliment .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
yes , i will look into this right away !
oh no . hope he feels better soon .
please provide a dm and i will look into the details for you .
wish we were there .
let us know what product you were trying to purchase so we can see what we can do !
np , it does not need to be connected .
sorry <USER> , we may only have store stock remaining for pre-order .
we 're so sorry about your experience . please reach out to us for more details .
sorry for the delay . a technician is on the way . thanks for your patience .
we 're sorry for the wait ! just dm us and we 'll help you out .
hello <USER> we are looking into this , thank you
we agree ! thanks for the shout-out ! #experienceamazing
prices are subject to change up until the time they go on sale . pit experience package is € 575.55 + s / c , gold circle are € 136.00 + s / c .
yummy !
can i have your order number please and see what i can find for you ?
can you tell me your order number or dm me your telephone ?
i agree , it 's a terrible situation .
a more competitive edge for companies , that 's for sure .
we got you <3
we would love to try to get you compensation for your troubles .
certainly . what seems to be the exact issue ? is there an error message ?
our card has a 2.5 % transaction fee . if you need anything else , please let us know .
nice , glad you 've enjoyed the enhanced experience ?
i can see from testing our own equipment that it takes about a half a second . how long on your camera ?
that stinks when its your favorite . how about this as a replacement ? <URL>
sorry to hear that it showed up so late . :(
we reached out to the vendor to cancel and we will let you know when they get back to us .
i am sorry to hear this . can you send a dm with contact info so we can address ?
sir , please give me a call at this number ? ? ? . we will compensate you for your losses .
hi there , we 're so happy you love your new business cards !
i 'm sorry to hear that <USER> ! please email us and refer to this poist .
please send your order details to <E-MAIL> so we can look into this matter .
we 're so sorry to hear this , please dm us and we 'll see if we can make this any better .
hello please call us at <NUMBERS> we will see what we can do to help solve your problem .
there will not be a presale .
sorry to hear about your troubles . please contact us through dm if you have any further issues .
please direct message us what happened right away .
sorry about the inconvenience we 'll have the package delivered as soon as possible
it looks like one is in stock and i have asked them to hold it for you .
you can visit one of our workshops for more information
we see that our customer service team has reached out to you about these issues . i there anything else we can help you with ?
send us a dm and we 'll get back to you asap .
we want to provide you with the best experience . would you mind sending a dm with your policy number so that i can assist you and pass your feedback on .
sorry for the inconvenience . i will connect you right away to the proper department .
you would have to purchase via t he presale link .
the official release date is tomorrow .
hello , thanks for reaching out . we 're currently trying to get through these problems as quickly as we can , but there is a delay due to volume . please bear with us , apologies !
sorry to hear that . if you dm me the details including the name and contact number , i can be further assistance
you look great , glad we could play a part in that , thank you for using us .
let us know how you like it when it gets there !
happy viewing !
i apologize for any inconvenience . i would be glad to handle this for you . can you provide me with your information at our customer service email address so that we can resolve this for you in the quickest manner possible . thank you .
i didn 't realize you were an employee . regardless , that would be the explanation i 'd give to anybody .
sorry to hear that you have problem with the bank , please can you give us the detail of what happen so will we make sure that this will not happen in the future .
please let me know what the order number is and we can work on it together .
punctures are never good .
please call us or dm us your info so we can contact you . we 'd be happy to assist .
dm us to claim your prize .
oops - that 's too bad ! usually , this happens when other apps are running in the background . try restricting them .
thank you so much . i received your dm . please check your inbox for a reply .
that is a good idea .
have you tried to restart it ?
we want to resolve this for you . can you dm me your <NUMBERS> and i we will call you within 30 minutes ?
those particular tickets don 't require a code if you are an amex cardholder .
in march this will be in store .
this is definitely not a new standard ! please dm me the details so i can help correct this for you .
thank you very much .
have you been trying to contact customer service directly ? we 'd love to help if you could send a dm with a little more info .
we 're so happy to hear that . we work very hard to give our customers the best experience . let us know if we need to change anything !
it 's always nice to here a compliment we 'll pass it along .
please give us more details on the issue you are having .
i am sorry for your wait . dm me with your information and i can check into the problem for you .
i am sorry to hear that . could you send us more details in a dm so we can try to help ?
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
you know what you have to do right ? get a matching one !
<URL> try again , we hope you enjoy .
i 'm sorry you feel that way , please <E-MAIL> the director and let him know about your problems .
yes ! thats what we 're talking about
i would like to keep you as a customer . mobile banking is very important . any changes in our position will be announced here .
that 's a great choice of album
hi ! we see you 're having trouble with our system . check your email soon !
thanks for the feedback . i will pass this along to the appropriate department , please bear with us in the meantime .
so sorry to hear about your frustrations ! please visit the link to file a case and receive reimbursement for your troubles . thank you for being a customer !
we would love to help . please send us a dm ! thanks
we love it ! show us what you 're rocking today .
great article on what not to say !
we are looking into this now . thank you .
sorry to hear about this <USER> can you please dm us the info ?
please send us a dm so we can address your issues .
so sorry about your experiences with transit ! i will forward these comments to the appropriate departments .
hello there - many apologies for the delay . i 'd like to investigate this issue for you - could you dm us and provide your name , address , and tracking number so i can investigate ?
great
we can happy . you can sign up for #digital receipts at your next check-out & have coupons sent to your extracare card ! hope that helps
are you using the number that ends in 145 ?
that 's an incredible picture and slice of history all at the same time !
if you call us on <NUMBERS> an agent will be glad to assist you with that .
oh wow , that 's not good , please shoot us a dm !
our team is currently working on it .
so sorry about that . send me a dm so we can make this right .
it 's possible the site is down . what were you trying to order ?
hi there ! check out the link below to see detailed instructions .
please shoot us an email so we can figure it out with you ! :)
we don 't have further info right now - please check back for updates .
we currently have no plans to return to san diego at this time . i apologize for the inconvenience .
wow , we do not see that as acceptable , here is how to get a better replacement .
sorry to hear that . please let us know what we can do to keep you as a customer .
we will pass this on to her , thank you
we will get back to you as soon as possible .
we would never want you to do that
what error is displaying , if any , on the webpage ?
thanks , we 'll keep trying to bring you the lowest prices .
so sorry , <USER> . dm me your repair id number , and i 'll look into it right away .
thanks for contacting us , <USER> . the brand event is online and in store and it ends on 05/06 / 2017 . does this help ?
of course you can !
definitely looking forward to having him on the team .
call our croydon store and my coworkers can help you .
we apologize for the delay . please dm us if you need assistance or tracking info .
hi im sorry to this . please send me a dm and i will get back to you shortly .
excellent use of the camera 's features to creative the beautiful photographs .
can you dm us your contact info so we can help you out ?
oooh . sorry to hear that , get in touch with us and we 'll do our best to help .
hi <USER> ! we work to provide shoes , water , and bullying prevention services to people in need . find out more at <URL> , thanks !
sorry about that , please send a dm so we can help .
yes we do ! . this link shows all the blue rays we have to offer ! <URL>
it 's possible . which hardtail did you want to test ?
:) thanks for the great feedback . we love to hear form our warm and cozy customers .
if the card is older than 2 years old , the funds will expire and are no longer usable .
we will be happy to assist
we love seeing our customers trying our bread in new ways ! how did it taste ?
please dm us your policy number and we 'll break down your bill , and see if we can fix it .
hello <USER> , sorry for any issues you may be having ! please check your dm for our reply , thank you !
hi there . we are sorry you are having trouble . please dm us your order number and a phone number and someone will contact you asap .
if you want to view pictures or vides you can click on " use data to see photos " . this does attract data charges though .
we dont want that , please elaborate more so we can help you
it 's what we do ! thanks for being a loyal customer .
thanks for the feedback ! we 're always here for you . :)
i 'm sorry you product arrived late , can you please dm us and we 'll try to make your day better ?
so sorry to hear of that ! please send me your address so we can check on the issue .
i can help you if you dm me your claim
sorry to hea about the poor experience
well , the bad news is that general presales start at 10am . good news is that it 's only 25 minutes away :)
i 'm sorry . please let me know what i can do to help .
our specialist ops is looking into it now . thanks
please message us directly with informative feedback so that we can look into your issue and assist you .
4 ports altogether , 3 are aipower , one is a quick charge .
great idea 💡 !
id be more than happy to help you . just dm me your info and we can get started .
the best way to do this because it cannot be canceled directly is that once you get the tracking details on the package we may be able to contact the courier to return the order .
i 'm sorry . we all hate those emails , and we are working to prevent them .
we would be happy to provide you with free shipping !
there will be compensation for the delayed customers
thank you for your feedback and we will look in to this right away . please contact us via dm so we can get that film in your hands asap at the closest box .
thanks for the pic , hoping it makes your pokemon go life masterful !
let us know how we can help - please send dm with contact info .
that is an awesome video ! thank you for sharing and so happy you enjoyed !
hello , and thanks for reaching out . please feel free to tweet our customer team at @tmiecs ; we will look into the matter for you . thanks .
we keep it hidden for a reason !
we will definitely take your input to heart . thanks so much for being a customer !
hi there ! you can contact us at <E-MAIL> for further assistance .
starting september 29th , @cavsteamshop will have new gear .
you 're really on the ball with that . what did you order ?
could you please dm me with your telephone and account number please ?
if you will dm us your account number and contact info , someone will get in touch .
anytime . you are welcome
ooh , that might be rough ! stay safe !
i am so sorry to hear this <USER> . if you give me more details , i am more than happy to help you .
we hope you enjoyed your first game at @theqarena ! ! we do have a little bit of history scattered around the area ( the hardwood from the coliseum and the franchise factoids in the concourse ) . we love hearing this feedback and will forward it to our team !
we have successfully activated it for you . dial * 504 # to confirm .
sorry for the inconvenience , if you have anymore question please contact us .
thanks for the wishes !
we ship all over europe and their labels are different . a shipment must have been sent to your country by mistake . same great taste though .
i would really like to help you with this . can you tell me which credit transactions are unauthorized ?
hi there . sorry you 're having trouble getting through . we may be experiencing some problems with high call volume . you could try again at a later time or you can reach our team on the web . thanks !
i 'd be happy to help you with that . could you give me your order number ?
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues including your name , delivery address , tracking & phone numbers . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
i apologize . excellence in customer service is one of our core values 😀 .
that 's great ! #supergalove
dial #bonus and you will get the next steps for the bonus
congratulations ! i think we 're still young !
i don 't understand your query , can you please rephrase the question ?
thanks for the head 's up ! we 'll be updating this information for you now !
hello ! we wanted to send you a new card , but it looks like you are eligible for one anyways !
please take a look at @iguasamobile , which is our mobile device support team , as they would be the best people to help you find a charger .
thanks for the shout out ! #uptheblues !
would you like me to connect you with our billing department ?
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
i have emailed you the proper contact information to continue this conversation offline .
i would love to assist you . could you please dm me so i can assist you better
what are the issues you are having ?
we 're so sorry . we want you to enjoy our product . could you dm us your mailing address ?
sorry to hear of your bad experiences with us - if you send me your id i can check what is going on .
hello , we have received your questions and are composing personal responses , so we appreciate your patience . you will hear from us shortly .
we are trying to resolve the issue for you .
glad we were able to help . please contact us if you need additional assistance .
with pleasure ! when you buy credit for your line , besides the bonus given there are no fees !
hi , this is an issue we will work on fixing , send us a dm to be able to look into this .
which one do you like best ?
have you noticed a sound difference ? <URL>
you can file a lost and found report at this link .
please provide me with your origin , destination , bus line and 4 digit vehicle .
we are stoked that you purchased our product . please let us know how it tastes .
have you tried contacted customer service again about the issue or asking for the manager ?
thank you for your purchases , which was your favorite , and why do you not like the fascia
if you could send us your name , email , phone number , and store location , we will help you with the details .
thanks for sharing the experience , we are glad to help .
no hidden fees , affordable for clients and success for attorneys ! <URL>
once you opt out you can 't join again .
we are so sorry to hear of this problem . send us an <E-MAIL> so we can assist you .
it looks like the route guidance preferences may need to be adjusted . please send us a dm for further assistance .
thanks for your important feedback , we will pass this along .
please contact us and you will receive your fair compensation
it does . stop and check them out some time ! thanks for shopping with us !
thank you for bringing that to our attention
no sorry we ran out of stock
please email <E-MAIL> for an update from customer service
sorry for all the trouble . send a dm and i will help you right now .
i 'm sorry to hear that . can you dm me ?
okay , please ship the item to 3913 8th ave brooklyn , ny 11232 , and include a note with your name , order number , reason for returning and the item you 'd like in exchange .
anything we can do to help ? don 't hesitate to dm us if so ! :)
oh no ! sorry about that ! we 'll help you get that sorted out . drop us a dm .
sorry you get a damaged shoe , please tell us where you purchased the shoe and how long ago the shoe was purchased .
the sale will continue until next friday the 19th .
thanks for the kind words ! we love hearing that !
i 'm so sorry to hear that , could you please dm us and we 'll see if we can fix this for you .
thanks for being a fan <3
you are absolutely correct , and i apologize for any inconvenience . please contact us at this number for further assistance . <NUMBERS> .
we are sorry to hear you weren 't satisfied . please send us the details at <URL> and we can look into this .
cn you please tell us why you feel so ?
dates are released but we are doing our best to get it to you as quick as possible !
ahh we are sorry to hear this
thank you for this information <USER> !
hello , what would you like help with ?
<URL>
glad to hear you like the new <USER> water gallon design . it should last you for years and keep you well hydrated .
thanks , we will work our hardest to solve any issues !
please check your inbox , you should have a dm from us .
we are here to help you . call <NUMBERS> and we will address this .
we never send reps door to door . please read here <URL>
sorry to hear this , thanks for letting us know . we have notified the marketing team and will work on getting that ad down .
that 's great , we are getting one too !
i am sorry to hear this . we want to make it right , send a dm please .
can you please dm us so we can provide you with more info ?
we understand waiting can be frustrating . would you like us to check on your package ? dm s your order number for further assistance .
so glad to hear you like it ! ☕ ️
yes , i am going to @makeupshow . see you there .
oh no ! please dm us with your vin and contact info and we will get to the bottom of this for you !
i am bringing in @payumoneycare and they will get this sorted out .
our team is aware and addressing the issue .
give us a direct call to file a formal report .
i have them now . if you dm me you where you would like them sent i 'll arrange or them to be sent overnight at no additional charge .
thank you for the compliments ! we will be sure to pass on the feedback !
actually , according to <URL> they give a different view of things ...
our billing dept will be glad to help you resolve this
we 're so sorry you 're having problems . contact customer service and they can help .
these items are called drop ship items . that means they still have to be made in the factory , and generally will take 2-3 weeks from purchase date for them to be delivered . thank you for you patience !
yes , please .
sorry to hear your having issues on long island , can you dm me your contact number so that i can find out whats going on in that area ?
we stand behind our products so if you could provide further details of your service issues perhaps we can resolve these for you .
baja fresh , goodwood or pf chang 's cater non-sandwich menus for downtown offices .
so sorry to hear about this issue . please send us the details so we can get you compensated .
please contact us for compensation
choose k-cups !
we appreciate the feedback !
we love to hear that ! customer sanctification is the most important thing
are you waiting for an order ? please dm us the number and we will check on it .
looking good !
thank you for the note . we will send someone to repair asap .
i 'm sorry this happened . allow me to further look into this service outage .
never give up and always keep fighting .
how about you send us your dm so we can send you tracking information .
sorry for the delay . if you go here : <URL> you can submit for compensation . safe travels .
i 'm looking forward to meeting you too !
certainly .
i 'm sorry for the trouble . our support page will be up momentarily , or if you prefer you can contact us at <NUMBERS>
i can see the charge - please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
thanks for sharing !
you absolutely should , please call <NUMBERS> customer service to fix this !
thank you so much for the kind words ! :)
thank you for the support ! go team !
please dm us with more information about your issue .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
i 'm sure you can find something you love :
sorry to hear about the issues you 're having . please dm you address and i will be happy to further assist you .
we 'll definitely send a message to our team and look into how we can improve our merchandise .
if you would send us a direct message with your account email , we will be happy to help you with this .
you will be able to use your id cards as long as they have a picture .
please reach out to verizon directly . we will provide you with the phone .
sorry to hear this bad experience
we are sorry to hear about this . please send us a dm so we can help you with this .
hey lucy , im sorry for the mix up . can you dm a good contact number so that i can research the issue and let you know what the correct number is ?
please send your reservation number so i can check on this further for you .
thank you for reporting this issue , we will look into it now !
my word yes ! word of your troubles has been passe along !
i can look up the available plans for you . please dm us with your information .
i bet you looked fantastic ! what did you think ?
we are living for your look <USER> . you go girl .
looks wonderful and fun
hi <USER> ! please check your dm 's and we will further assist you there .
you can do it , <USER> ! we believe in you !
sorry about that ! please dm us your order number and email address and we 'll make it right .
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can assist you .
thanks for being here !
so sorry , we are only allow chat access .
we highly value you as a sprint customer . could you give us more details of how we can make you happier ?
thank you for getting in touch . our teams are working has hard as possible to restore power quickly and safely .
we might cross paths this weekend .
we have some great new offers on some cool cars , dm us if you 're interested .
thanks !
im glad you found what you like in our store , we try hard to accommodate all diatary needs . thanks
it should , contact <E-MAIL> so we can look further into it !
please call our customer service
i am sorry to hear this . please dm me so i can look into this . we want you to be satisfied .
currently the tostero is the only umbrella cover we offer , and it will be restocked by the end of april . thank you for your inquiry .
if you send us an email with your information , we can send some to you right away .
im sorry to hear that . do you recall the drivers name ?
great , glad to hear it !
is there a problem with you lexus dealer . if so , please contact us via dm .
absolutely !
have you checked with your local store to see what offers they have ?
if you go to ticketmaster . com and look at there payment options , it will show you . please try this and let me know if it works .
sorry , it appears we are experiencing a issue , it should be fixed shortly .
i 'm sorry about that ; please dm store info , incident details , and your phone and i will personally escalate this to management for you .
hi user . she is doing much better . thank you for the well wishes .
can you provide your phone number and exact location so we can look into this for you ?
if you can give me your zip code i can look up your coverage area and check that for you .
thanks for the input . i will pass that one onto our developers right away .
there are 3 buses enroute currently .
we appreciate the support !
looking sharp ! glad you finally got to try our brand !
<USER> only annual policies can be offered in this situation . if you need further assistance please contact us via dm . have a great day .
please call our platinum travel team at <NUMBERS> so they can help with some ideas !
send a dm with all details so we can help you .
yes you can have that .
that looks wonderful !
this is terrible , can we have your order details
so glad that things worked out . i would like to pass on your comment to the appropriate department for your area . would it be possible to get the date of when the mansfield rescue happened and maybe a detail more if you can ? it would be very much appreciated .
you can use the credit for any activity you like ! thanks for reaching out .
zinger burgers are the best ! cya next time .
what problems have you been having ?
oh no ! sorry about the delay . could you dm me your order number so i can see what the hold up is
so sorry you feel that way about your service . could you please dm us for further help ?
that 's no good ! please dm me your contact info so i can look into this for you .
sorry to hear it , can you email <E-MAIL> with more details ?
hello <USER> we 've replied to your dm about this .
we have reached out to you via email ! thank you .
rest assured , our public transportation system is secure and has the safety of our passengers as the top priority .
hi <USER> . our team is still working on that , but you can get updates on all of our recent changes here <URL> .
sorry to hear this . please let us know how we can improve .
hi <USER> , unfortunately , they 're out of stock in those stores , but they are available online . dm me if you 'd like help placing an order :)
the date will be available on our twitter , make sure to follow to know the date !
sure , you should get your refund once the parcel has returned to depot and processed . is there anything else you need help with ?
looking good !
we have tried to reach out to you , is there a more convenient time to call ? thanks .
yes it is
thank you and happy easter as well .
there 's a small delay and we don 't have dates to share as of right now , but we 're working on getting that released asap ! our mission is to make sure that we release a top notch product .
it will be available for all devices asap .
please discard those cards and we will send you new prints
please note our comment on the matter at this link : <URL>
thank you for the help !
please dm and we will look into your bill
we are sorry you had a bad experience please contact us at our corporate office to discuss the matter .
yes they are . updates to their availability will be made here !
dm us so that we can give a resolution .
i know , can you believe that ? ? ?
thanks for your feedback ! we 're happy to report that baby changing stations will be soon installed in all our stores .
can you dm us the specific error message you 're receiving ? thanks !
please visit our website , where you will be able to find the information .
hello ! let 's see what we can do . send us a dm if you 're interested .
please try again do not give up
no , the item will not be sent .
many apologies for your frustrations - would you dm us your phone or account number so we can investigate the issue ? thank you !
hi there . because we 're sold out ! sorry !
thanks for your inquiry , please sends us your zip code so we can send you the statistics for that area .
i would be happy to see what we can do . could you please dm me
we just responded to you dm please check in . thanks
congratulations ! how about a new car to celebrate ? feel free to keep us in mind !
if you would like to speak with someone about this just let us know how we can help .
thanks , is your store credit active currently ?
you are very welcome !
hi there , we are working on a solution .
let me see what i can do to help .
i am sorry that you have had trouble , i am here to help know , let me look this up for you .
hey there ! congratulations on your achievement ! which school are you from ? maybe we can work something out .
our network is expanding , sorry about this but it will be better in the near future
send us an e-mail to <E-MAIL> so our specialist can check it out .
the trophy will be available for public view and photographs at the end of the month .
i 'm sorry for the trouble . aircraft can be ever so fickle , as you well know . perhaps you might dm us so we bann follow up with you ?
the new brochures will be available soon !
we will look into replacing it for you if you 'd like .
<USER> we apologize for the inconvenience , but unfortunately we no longer carry that product . it has been discontinued .
i hope you enjoy the coffee .
got the popcorn ready ? what movie are you getting ?
i 'll be happy to do that . glad to hear your experience was better and thank you for your feedback .
it should be at the foot !
were you able to log in ?
sorry to hear you are unhappy . please contact our customer service and we would be happy to assist you .
please send us a dm . we would like to address this issue .
not my taste so i was not impressed
if it is out of date because of storing too long we cannot help , i am sorry .
tell them to pull their pants up
the main standing area is the ga1 . hope that helps . enjoy !
it will be fun .
i will forward your message to our team so that they can inspect your issue .
it 's all good , fam .
thanks . we can 't wait to share it .
we always love to hear about fan support !
we really appreciate your good words . we would love to pass this message along . could you send us your vehicle and dealership details so we can do so ? thanks
we are happy to help you !
use the file manager and make sure your phone is connected to the pc
hi . shoot us a dm and we 'll take a closer look for you !
sounds like a terrible situation . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
can you please explain ?
yay ! thank you for sharing with us . great snap !
if you ever need help , please contact us at <NUMBERS>
costumer service can help you out ! <URL>
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you please dm us a number or email that we can reach you on and we will try to resolve this issue .
hi , can you dm us your order number ?
i will forward this to our dev team and hey will follow up .
please contact customer service hotline regarding this issue .
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
i am sorry you are having this issue . here are a list of reasons for possible disconnection issues . <URL>
thanks for your input , we 'll pass it along .
i will notify the technical team to repair that frame .
i 'm sorry you are having problems . please confirm your contact information via dm so i may help you .
we 've received your email , and our customer support team should be contacting you shortly about a resolution .
i believe 0.05 p
we 're sorry to hear that ! shoot us a dm and we 'll have our team on it !
we will be looking into this , thanks !
you 're very welcome . thanks for checking in with us .
thank you for reporting this incident . i 'll be sure to follow up on this and check out the situation . if it 's relevant , would you like me to give you feedback on the outcome ?
awesome ! enjoy !
we love it too !
please dm us your order number so we can figure out the problem for you !
good news ! yes , you have full access !
the daily mail for sure
the delay is too much and this should not have happened , sorry for the inconvenience
the snes classic was available for pre-order this morning . check our site for the latest updates !
not that long , i would say the least 4 days
do you have your original receipt and the papers that came with it ? as soon as i can verify the information , we will see how we can resolve the problem .
can you dm us your order number and we 'll see how we can make this right ?
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info so we can look into this further ? thanks !
hi there . please dm us with more details and include photos of the chair so we can see what 's going on . thank you .
glad to hear that everything worked out :) let me know if i can be of any other assistance .
hi there , so sorry to hear you are having problems . could you uninstall and reinstall the app and let us know if that helps ?
congratulations ! come take a look at our range to pick out your very first car ! <URL>
we 're so sorry to hear about your experience . please send us an email at <E-MAIL> so we can investigate this for you .
please let us know if you need a different size - we can provide a replacement !
too bad , another blow
<URL> will show you a full list of open stores in your area .
i hope you get what you want !
although many u2 fans may have a false sense of entitlement , individuals eligible for presale tickets have already received pertinent information . if you received this information follow the instructions . tickets are available for the general public on monday 1/16 at 9 am .
i 'm sorry about that . i 'll give you a link and you can check to see if you are eligible for compensation .
please email our management here " <E-MAIL> and we 'll assist you if possible
hi there ! just letting you know that we got your email and that someone from the team will contact you shortly . have a great day !
please send a dm and we can help .
please email us with the details so we can look into this further . <E-MAIL>
oh no , let me take a look at your order to fix it !
ooh , great pic ! vapes are so cool !
please contact our customer care for assistance
the difference is the types of movies :)
you are the best
please send us a dm and we will look into this for you .
we do not have this movie . here is a list <URL>
we appreciate your support for #aus . let 's go team ! #rio2016
what kind of app are you building ?
keep an eye on your email , we will be emailing you back today :)
it will be up around 8am .
that 's great . we hope you love it !
please dm your information and we will take a look
hello user . sorry for the inconvenience . let me help you log in via private message .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
good to hear ! which is your favorite ?
glad to hear you enjoyed it .
they are a collector 's item ;)
we are pleased to hear your family will have full , happy tummies !
would you mind a rt ? www . <URL> thanks !
please dm your order # and we can ship it out priority asap .
if you can give me your order number , name or number i will happy to track that for you .
we have made a note in your records about the issue . thanks for letting us know .
we apologize for the inconvenience this has caused you . please bear with us as we try to speed up the solution
okay lets see what we can do to help . can you send me the selected items in a dm so we can figure this out ? thanks !
your flight delay might make you eligible for compensation . <URL>
yes ! good luck #mitchforthewin #poweradepowerscore
i 'm glad you enjoyed it !
thank you and hope you enjoy your time here !
your welcome !
thank you so much for the positive feedback . please feel free to visit our google page to leave a review .
sounds like a wonderful evening by yourself ! !
no you are so welcome
well i am glad to hear that the problem has been resolved , is there anything else i can help you with ? are the routes showing properly now ?
please give us a call and a customer service representative will assist you .
hi there ! unfortunately , we don 't have any stock info in this office . if you go to the website though , there is an option to get an alert when we do get that product back in stock . hope that helps !
that 's great ! we try to make sure all our bags will last a lifetime , good to know were succeeding !
i 'd be happy to help . have you attempted to use google to answer your question ?
it 's 5 o 'clock somewhere :)
you can pay a small fee for more .
sorry please can you tell us more about your issue so we can help and make sure this does not happen in the future .
we are working to improve it all the time . i will pass on your feedback .
a new business discount can sometimes make a new policy cheaper . can you dm me your policy number so i can look into this further for you ?
alpha-isomethyl ionone is safe to eat and put on the body . it is for flavor and scent .
that sounds fabulous ! hope you enjoy your stay !
you 're welcome , sorry for the delay !
i am sorry to hear this . formal complaints can be filed at <NUMBERS>
lovely . glad to hear you 're enjoying them .
how adorable ! please stop by guest services in section 100 , we would love to give her her first game lanyard .
hello , this is amazon customer care . i 'd be glad to help if you wouldn 't mind sending me your name , address , and order number .
hey , we 've sent you a dm in response to your last message . thanks !
welcome , what was your reason for joining ? :)
what is your order number ? we can help !
if you 'd like to learn of other options , you can find them here <URL>
i will see if i can amend this for you .
welcome . we 'd love to give the baby his very first lanyard . just stop by guest services to pick it up .
what line are you trying to switch it to ?
excellent ! its a surprising combination , but the positive response we 've received is off the charts . glad you like them too !
have you tried a different browser ? let me know if that helps . thanks .
hello ! sounds like one of our european agents would be best suited to assist you . we 'll have them contact you as soon as they get back online !
hi <USER> could you please e-mail <E-MAIL> so i can look into this
thanks for sharing !
hi , i would be happy to help you with this , please send me a dm with your policy number .
thanks for letting us know ! we 'll get on it right away .
have a good day <USER> .
its a great watch i hope you enjoy it
i 'm sorry to hear that , please give us a call .
hi there , thanks for reaching out , i 'd like to help can you please dm me your phone number .
allow me to apologize for the confusion .
that is not true , we treat all our clients fairly
oh no ! please call us directly so we can figure this out .
you are right about that .
we look forward to seeing you on the 18th !
send us a dm with all of your question .
i am happy to hear you are excited about your device !
if you have tracking info can you provide it to us
<USER> we have replied to your request and are sorry that they are not getting through to you . we have sent an e-mail so that we can get you some assistance .
sorry to disappoint you that merchandise is currently unavailable . we update our inventory and website often .
sorry to hear this , call us or send us email and we will see how we can help .
have you ever tried soy chorizo ?
okay . we have experts that you can talk to at the following number 1-800-566-4821 .
if you follow us and send a dm with your contact info we will be happy to help you .
send us a dm and we 'll have someone contact you directly .
i will let her boss know . thanks ! ! !
alright . please dm us and we 'll fix this .
no it appears we only have the epl fantasy league .
aww . :) <3
you have to sign up to his fan club .
excellent ! i 'm glad you were able to get everything working again . let us know if you need any further assistance !
please call customer service at <NUMBERS> so we can get this sorted out for you .
here 's the number for our local customer support office . they can help you out . thanks !
we love to party too ! thanks for the invite !
can you dm us your address and contact info so we can report this incident for you ? thanks !
i am sorry to hear you feel that way . please remember you can always return to our services any time you wish .
if you could dm me with the details , i would be happy to help you with the situation .
we 're sorry to hear that . let us know if we can help you out .
i am sorry you are dissatisfied . please send me more details through a private message and i will be happy to further assist .
we 're so sorry about the bad service ! was this after a breakdown ?
we 'd be happy to answer any questions you might have about our service ! :)
if the package was damaged prior to arrival , please contact usps at <NUMBERS> to open a claim for this package .
thanks for the feedback ! they were nice shoes but sadly we don 't know the restock date , i shall pass on the information to our marketing team though !
these numbers define people within the entergy service , we 'll keep you up to date .
sorry about that , thanks for alerting us .
thanks for coming by ! we 're happy you enjoyed it !
please enter to win at this url
i hope thats not studio civic .
i am still not seeing a dm from you . try this link <URL>
no worries , there will be more events soon !
hi there user . thanks for checking in with us . did you sign up to get your free points ?
hello <USER> please call or live chat with the customer support team
we are very sorry for your inconvenience . the technical department is working on the issue right now .
awe , you 'll find the right outfit for your body , just keep looking . #stosa
you 're so welcome !
your feedback is valuable to us and i will pass on your strong desire for an aldi in bozeman
can you please provide the city and time this occurred ?
nice work , enjoy your drink !
sorry about the flight , file a case for compensation here <URL>
hey <USER> the outlet at egebda is located at no . 24 akowonjo road , egbeda bus stop , egbeda . please visit <URL> for details on the plans available
that is a great pic , . thanks for sharing .
i would like to resolve this for you . can you dm us your number for further assistance ?
i will make sure out product team is aware .
thank you for for sending your information and we want to thank you for your business .
it does seem that she needs to rethink her pricing structure .
you are welcome .
that 's a great pic ! you 're very welcome . have a great christmas ! :)
i have check and it is not too late , i can change the address immediately .
we anticipate major updates before the holidays , in the meantime , here is a direct link to the payment section to make things a little easier .
we have the original and the best .
i have sent you a message
ok , can you give me your contact information ?
we sure are !
we appreciate your feedback and will definitely keep that in mind .
so sorry to see you go . if there is anything we can do , please let us know .
yes , we believe so . do you have further questions ?
there are a couple of outlets on spintex road . there is the agapet filling station as well as the brobbson pharmacy . where will you be coming from ? i 'll gladly find the closest location for you .
lookin ' great in that !
sounds like you 've been having some rough times , we 've got something that could brighten it up , please dm us for further info , there 's time to dm if you 'd like your gift .
it is a busy day , if you provide me your account information , i can take care of you .
hello user , i am sorry that you are having issues . can you please give me more information so that i may help resolve your problem .
please contact us with your email and order details .
so sorry to hear about this . we 'd like to address your info if you follow up with us .
thanks .
please reach out to us and we 'll be glad to offer more info .
id love to help you . all you need to do is dm me your info
congratulations on the successful launch of your project !
let me assure you that this is temporary , we do yearly maintenance to make sure the king get his proper tribute .
you need to go to <URL>
have a lovely vacation this is awesome .
no sir - that was our mistake and your good fortune . enjoy !
you 're more than welcome . we 're glad to have you .
we are glad to hear that you are receiving help , let us know if we can help .
please call us at <NUMBERS> so we can further assist you .
hi <USER> can you send me your order number and email via dm so i can follow up .
sorry to hear this , can you send us a dm ?
sounds awesome . the regular price is only 1.99 but we don 't set the actual prices of retailers .
okay i will be happy to help you cancel or change your order . do you have your order number ?
sorry she was so rude , we have contacted her supervisor about this
i am so sorry you had a bad experience . please send us a dm so we can look into this further for you .
way to go ! sounds like you could use some new car shopping ! feel free to keep us in mind !
yes , please visit canada 's website for additional information - <URL> .
is there anything else we can help you with ?
great to hear ! looking forward to seeing you again . buy anything cool ?
hi <USER> just wanted to get in touch and see if your package has arrived
always happy to help !
i do not have access to their schedule , but i can contact them on your behalf if you would like .
yes indeed !
could you please try rebooting and let us know what happens ?
i 'm sorry you were dissatisfied with our product . in the future , please not that the capacity of all of our luggage products is listed in the item description . hope this helps !
i will be happy to find the booking for you . please provide your booking information .
sure , i can help you with that .
that 's great news ! congratulations on passing the driving test . the only thing you 'll need now is a sweet new ride for the road . you dm us directly when you are ready to get driving in style !
an update will be issued within 36 hours that will fix this for you ,
i 'll get back to you on monday with an answer
we have replied to your email , have a great day .
hi , yes we do offer a price promise . go to your order and select the the " price promise " button . thanks .
i am josh and i can help you with this
hi jessica can you please dm me and i will be happy to hel
thank you for your feedback ,
we will email the code to you immediately .
enjoy your shopping trip .
the pleasure was all mine .
sorry , there is always a delay for first time users just for account verification purposes . the next few transactions will be much quicker and smoother . please dm us if you have any additional issues .
yes ! just visit <URL> and follow the link to the feedback form !
our technicians are looking into this issue . at this time i cannot provide an estimated time for repair however we will update this account every 60 minutes .
please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can look into this .
we can change the request . please send me your info and i will fix the problem asap . thanks
oh no ! what is the issue ?
sm us so we can help .
i apologize for the extra steps needed to access your account . our customers privacy and safety of your information is of utmost importance and that is why we have added the extra steps .
our customer service team is available by tweet if the helpline is not currently working .
yes , she 's great help !
so sorry . please send me your full complaint so we can forward it to the proper department for research .
thank you for your response , we will announce the winner soon !
sorry to hear about your bad experience .
what specific issues are you having ? please send us a dm so we can help you with this .
if you can please send a dm with the order number , we would love to look into this for you .
always amazing to hear ! well done shaun k @performlexus !
can you give me the order number ?
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
sorry for your inconvenience . can you tell me a little bit more about your issue .
sorry about that , you can contact me directly at <E-MAIL> .
please send us your tracking number , we want to make this right .
i understand - thank you . i would very much like to identify the driver responsible , could you provide me the time when this happened and where approximately on the m3 this was ? thank you !
please send us a dm so we can help you out with this more .
we are aware of the problem and have a crew out right now . we should be updating everyone soon
we totally get the frustration , <USER> . please message us your repair id and contact information , so we can help you with this matter .
thank you for choosing us , if you need more from us we are reachable at <NUMBERS> have a great day .
we 'd like to help . send us a dm and we 'll sort it out .
i will help you reach the proper support team . have a nice day .
pls call us at <NUMBERS> for all bill related matters
let me make sure i understand . you are requesting a map of geological fault lines in your area ?
please try our 3 flavors and let us know which one is your favorite
we 'll send you a message shortly <USER> !
sorry to hear about this , thank you for bringing it to our attention . could you please dm us with store name and more details about the incident ?
we are sorry for the inconvenience . please visit <URL> and see if you are eligible for compensation .
is there something i can help you with ?
thanks for the shouts ! we 're glad you 're nice and toasty !
i sure can , what 's your order number and the issues you 're experiencing ?
not to mention , you can 't throw people at mud without losing hands and fingers in the melee .
look ! do it , do it ! :)
of course .
i know it seems odd , but this one way we keep our prices low for you , and you get your quarter back when you return the shopping cart .
i am sorry to hear this . if you send me a dm i can look into it for you .
ha ! well you can read between the lines 1
ah ok , please let me know when you have posted it .
we are up to date with emails at the moment , but if you send us a dm with the order number , we can cancel it for you :)
we are so sorry to hear about your experience . please send us an email at <E-MAIL> and we 'll be happy to assist you .
we appreciate the feedback !
contact customer service to see if they can help .
can you please provide your address and phone number via dm so we can further help you ? thanks .
we had technical difficulties that have seen been resolved . sorry and hope it 's running smoothly for you now !
call us to set up payment arrangements , we are here to help you
if you search aukey here <URL> we can get staff to help you
happy to help you out ! can 't wait !
sorry , we are having a busy morning but you remain in the queue .
i apologize for the wait . we are just running a little short right now . can i help you find an alternate route ?
hey ! what route are you talking about ?
please email <E-MAIL> for assistance .
hey there ! we highly encourage our customers to stay within the range of what 's in their owner 's manual .
i 'm happy to hear that !
it may be a cold , or your body adjusting . i would stop using it until you feel better . if it persists , do not hesitate to contact us .
hello , glad you reached out . please file a case here <URL> and we can get you compensated for delays .
we do not have rebates for that product , to find our current programs and offers please check our website .
i apologize for the delay ! if you would provide me your order number via dm , i will look into it right away .
glad to have you
if you will contact me through dm i can cancel the reservation for you .
please dm us your order number and we will look into it
you 'll do great . let us know when you pass !
glad we were able to help ! have a great day .
thank you , <USER> . it 's nice to hear some good feedback once in a while ! <3
oh no . do you mind reaching out to customer service so we can get this issue fixed
i am sorry to hear that . this was probably just a bad day and we will show you our excellence again next time .
so sorry but we do not accept gift cards online . hopefully in the future !
you may be eligible for compensation . visit <URL> .
unabashed love is the best and we return it to our customers ! <3
hello so nice to hear from you . please contact us via emails so that we can try to assist you better .
awesome to hear . did you see anything new
delays were because a car was stuck on the tracks .
sorry to hear that . what can we do to make it better ?
we are flattered to be first tweet worthy ,
great video !
the restock should happen this week . you can still order the item on backorder and we will ship once available .
what is that ?
our towing capicity is great . you can visit <URL> to find out
hello , thank you for your feedback , may you provide what you don 't like about ukmail
good reminder . go to this link <URL> to get tips on how to protect yourself online .
stay tuned for updates !
dm sent , looking forward to hearing from you .
most of our properties release their rooms for booking a year in advance . hope that helps !
glad to hear it !
we do not have a single cut currently , but we hope to in the future !
we are sorry and please send us a dm for assistance .
sorry to hear that . please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
awesome
oh no ! to replace your card , dm your phone number , send a secure message through your online banking , or call <NUMBERS>
i want to help but we need to keep this professional , what went wrong with the product ?
if you take this along with your invoice , they should exchange this for you .
i am sorry you had this experience . send me a dm and i will pass it on to our customer service .
thank you for being a loyal customer , but we must remedy the timing issue ! when is your birthday ?
the warranty is great , please make use of it
please send me your account number so that i can look into this for you .
we 're so sorry to hear this , <USER> . please provide us with more information at <URL> , so we can properly compensate you for your troubles .
sorry you 're having issues , can you go into more detail ?
here is the url to the intro <URL> . let me know if you need anything else .
i andres . what issue / issues are you seeing ? what is your location and where are you headed ? are you currently on the 504 streetcar ?
i am sorry to hear about your frustration . what seems to be the issue ?
send a dm to us that contains your address and phone number so we can get you set up with some awesome solar swag !
baby city is a verified listed supplier of the items you purchased . the <URL> appears to be in error or incorrectly worded for this product . i am able to send you a discount coupon via email for baby city if you could provide an email . this will give you the discount you should have received and will be good until the next month . the <URL> has been reported to the proper department and will be removed from the system shortly . so sorry for your inconvenience . if there is anything else i can do to assist you ?
we 're really sorry to hear about that ! don 't be sad . please dm us right away so we can get this situated .
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to come up with a plan that works .
hi . is there anything that you need ?
please compare the code you received with the one the person received . let us know if they are the same . may we know when you sent the money ? )
just let us know what the exact items are and we can find a solution for this .
glad you 're enjoying it ! #liveitloveit
just follow the instructions .
it 's like weights being took off your shoulders .
hey @user , heres a like to the cavs jersey schedule .
hi , please contact our member services line so we can assist you .
i 'm sorry to hear that . please send us the order # so we can help .
we strive to make our customers happy
sorry you 're feeling this way . is there anything i can help with to help change your mind ?
happy to help you now . are you able to instagram now with the main data ?
thanks for sharing with us .
thank you for the numbers , one moment while i look up your numbers
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help get you compensation for this inconvenience !
that sounds like a great night !
i want to look into this . please dm with details and we will see how we can help .
i am sorry to hear this , please dm so we can address this .
i am sorry to hear this . we want to help . send details through a dm .
i 'm sorry to hear of the inconvenience ! would you please provide me with your name and account number so i can research the issue ?
hi there ! you can dm us , we may have a secret to tell you ...
please dm us the email you 're using
hey <USER> , sorry that you are having issues . can you send a dm to us so we can get this resolved for you ?
there is more than one bundle . which bundle are you referencing ?
thanks for the compliment ! we 'll pass it on to our team !
yes ! he is in there .
enjoy the movie !
here it is
we have a live pricing system so there are definite fluctuations .
i am happy to assist . can you please dm me your order number and full billing address ?
i am not sure what you mean , is this good or bad
can you please dm me the order number so i can look into it ?
totally agree !
we will be happy to look into this . please dm us your email , phone number and which store it is ,
hello , we have launched service at 14 additional stations so you should experience that now ! we are currently working on providing service at stations north of bloor .
yes we would want to have that
please contact us through dm with your email , phone number and store location . we 'd like to help you solve your problem .
bummer , it looks like deezer is no longer available on tigo .
thank you !
we have fired this man , have a good day .
we 're so sorry you had a bad experience . can you send your reservation number so that i can look into this ?
we have tracked your pacakge and its on the truck on its way
what happened ?
not today . sorry to disappoint you !
we appreciate your feedback . dm me your reg and i will give it to the proper channels .
i just go the chikuhodo z1 brush . i love it . !
yep , love it .
happy birthday ! the 10 day wait is a ball park figure to allow for any delays the warehouse might have due to weekends or the way it is being transported . there is quite a bit of coordinating going on behind the scene to get the right products to you . you will receive an email when these items have been shipped so you can follow along with the delivery of your items . please do not hesitate to inquire again if you need assistance .
sorry about this could you please send me an email ( email )
you 're making a good decision . we 'll be happy to have you .
it shouldn 't take that long . i 'm going to find out what happened . how can i help you ?
hi <USER> , thank you for bringing this to our attention . we want to apologize sincerely for this issue . i would like to help you and provide the appropriate compensation .
please reach out to our team for assistance at 1-800- subaru 3
i try to always follow the rules , but sometimes accidents happen .
you 're making us blush ! ;) no seriously , we 're glad to help .
i have pulled up your order and it was a problem on our behalf , we will refund you the money and send you the right order for free
hello user . i am sorry you are having network issues . can you give me your address so i can see where you are located so i can check for location issues ?
please expect it to be delivered around that time
this is not what we want to hear , please dm me with more details .
we love to hear about happy customers !
we can help you get your device repaired , but there will be a charge .
i 'm sorry that you have had this experience . i would be happy to assist you in making your payment today . the
hi , can you tell us why you feel this way ? we 'd love to help you with your issue and rectify it if we can .
for emergency assistance , please call here <NUMBERS>
we can send you a replacement at no charge
we love that our customers love us ! thank you for sharing jen !
you can send us a dm now !
we 're happy to hear that ! thanks for the shout out @ <USER>
im sorry this has happened , we would like to get you compensated for the flight issues . can you dm a little more information about what is going on so that we can help ?
this makes us happy to hear . seattle 's best is making america great again . next step - the earth ! we want to send you a vintage tee for the love please dm us !
thanks ! that 's our business model and top priority !
how , specifically , can i assist you today ?
thanks for being a member of the sprint family . we appreciate all of our customers .
glad you visited !
i 'm unhappy you had this experience . we strive to not be dicks .
hi ! congrats on the new milestone ! when is the due date ? as soon as everything is ready , we 'll let you know ! you must be very proud !
please send us a dm and we will look into this for you .
glad you like it !
please email our customer service <E-MAIL>
happy that geoffrey was able to save the day . i 'll make sure he sees this !
i can send you an instruction and parts manual as well as a prts ordering form if you send me your email address . thank you .
sorry that happened . contact us via email so we can assist you further .
our programme team needs to be contacted about this . please call <NUMBERS> . each party needs to contact separately .
thank you , i appreciate that .
thanks for the feedback , <USER> . i 'll pass this along to the rest of the team for consideration with our next updates . in the meantime , let me know if i can expedite your experience at all .
we love to be included in your mornings . thanks for the input .
i 'd advise you to call amex customer service ; they will surely be able to assist you .
it 's quite the conundrum , <USER> ! can i help you find some more comfortable options ?
amen ! onwards and upwards .
can you please tell us about your experience at <E-MAIL> ?
not off-hand , sounds like something from one of the muppet films ... :)
i 'm very sorry to hear that you had a bad experience with us . we 'd like to help , please send us a dm !
whats your favorite product ? :)
wow , looks good !
can you provide us with more details about your sms ?
i am sorry to hear that . please email us and share your concerns .
we do in fact have brow bar in stock !
would you be so kind as to dm the details so we can address these issues ?
why didn 't you like it ?
thank you for the notice . we will take the appropriate action .
hi , thanks for getting in touch about this , our support team @lgussupport will be happy to provide you with the help you need for this .
that 's great to hear !
im so glad that this is resolved for you . let me know if you need any more help .
please contact us at <NUMBERS>
we are so happy we could make you happy and that we get to enjoy your mornings with you !
alpha is one of our favorites as well !
terribly sorry to hear about the problems with your flight . you might be eligible for compensation , visit <URL>
no problem !
thanks ! always nice to hear from a satisfied user .
sure it can be done , but we 'll process it as a new application . we 're happy to accommodate you for whatever card works the best for you .
hi there , we miss you too !
thank you ! :)
can you dm us with the card you used and we 'll see what 's going on and get it processed for you .
there has been a slight delay due to traffic . 195 should be arriving shortly .
hello ! give us a call and we 'll check the status of your application .
email us with your repair id and we will look into this for you .
we will follow up . sorry for the delay .
thanks for the dm , someone will contact you shortly .
i am sorry to hear this . you may be compensated . <URL>
delicious , great choices :)
thanks for your feedback . you can share concerns here <URL> and i will pass it on .
we are very sorry that this happened to you , please send us a direct message with your information to be able to assist you further .
glad you like them . thanks .
jolly good show !
thank you , we are glad you are satisfied !
i am sorry , that must be frustrating . what product are you having a problem with ?
yes , we offer a wide variety of drinks with decaf .
let me check on the bus schedule for you .
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
we 've forwarded this to our team and hope to rectify this soon .
hi <USER> , thanks very much for letting us know - - very helpful ! have a great day :) ( insight by <URL> )
happy birthday ! send us a direct message and we will get you another one .
very sorry to hear this . if you would like updates dm me your reg .
hey @user ! i actually met @dandtwitr and they are so coool ! i totally agree !
excellent ! hope it was amazing !
i apologize for the lack of response . please forward me the information and i will be happy to help you .
it 's not built in on that model , but you can purchase an add-on that will do it at this link : <URL>
no that is not what we do
please send a dm with all details and we 'd be happy to help .
<USER> please check your inbox . we 've replied to your dm .
t could be related to an incompatibility between your iphone and the bluetooth software . please send us a dm .
we would be happy to look if you will dm us your order number .
ouch ! please dm us or email us for further help .
tip off is at 5:30 pm and we have that and other information about the game here <URL> .
hello <USER> ! follow think link <URL> and customer service will be with you shortly .
let 's go aussies ! thanks for your support ! #rio2016 <URL>
i apologize that our timing is not up to expectations . we expect to ship in the next two weeks and expect everyone to have their order well in advance of the holiday .
please call our service number
send us a dm and we 'll see what we can do for you !
can you tell us what service you are using ?
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue - the update should be free .
sorry to hear the you had the issue , i am here to assist you in further securing your account if you would like .
hi <USER> , please dm us so we can look into this for you
please locate your distributor here <URL>
once a #qider , always a qider . much love !
it appears it was shipped , delivered and signed <URL> can you check to see if somebody got this on your behalf ?
we are sorry you are not satisfied with our service . please dm us your contact info so we can work to resolve .
sorry about that but thanks for sticking through it !
hello ! please direct message us and a member of our customer service team will help you with your issue !
hello . please check your dm for our reply . thank you .
i would love to help you recover your password . please message me with your phone number and email address .
thanks for sharing !
thank you we are quite excited too
thanks for sending the requested details , suraiya , we 've passed this to our colleagues and they 'll contact you shortly .
we offers buyers insurance and are very consistent with helping you use it .
so sorry about that , please call us at <NUMBERS> , we 'd love to resolve this for you .
absolutely . shoot that info to me and i will get right back to you with a quote . thanks for contacting .
isn 't it great when our kids smell so sweet ?
we are happy to hear of your positive experience with your dealer #lexuslove
sorry for the inconvenience . we are working on your case <NUMBERS> and will be in touch .
here is the direct link to the bike policy <URL> .
can you enlighten us a little ?
wow ! our sizes unfortunately only go up to 12 , but we 'd be happy to share your concern with our marketing group .
thanks for being a awesome fan ! #aus let 's go aussies ! !
wow , that 's very awesome
wow a lot of shirts ! how many do you own ?
the bands will be available in canada soon !
i am not sure what exactly you mean .
i can completely relate ! would you like one on us ? dm me your contact info for a code for a replacement drink !
we have contacted the company responsible for shipping and we shall get an update for you shortly , sorry for the delay .
hi there , please dm us so customer service can assist you . we want to make this right .
please call the customer service desk directly at 1-800-555-7878 with a description of the bracelet .
what can we do to help you ?
sorry for the game issue . please dm me with the game info and i can help you . thanks
if you follow fedex i will be able to replay in a dm . thanks
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
so sorry to make you wait , but we are glad it was resolved .
please dm us with your name , delivery address and phone number so we can get you started
i would love to help you with this . please contact through pm for best time to contact .
that 's terrible to hear . please dm us and we will call you .
we give great customer service !
thank you for the kind words !
please send a dm with contact info and store location so i can address it for you .
this a case often <USER> we 'll get you up and running soon again though !
we 're really sorry . please dm us your account info , and we 'll fix it as soon as we can .
good to hear !
we appreciate including us !
user , that report is very much appreciated . love to hear it !
we 'll let our team know !
thanks for coming !
thanks for the kind comments !
please check your dm for the most up to date response .
our computer product specialists are the best and can help you out if you at <NUMBERS> or with our live chat at <URL>
if you can <E-MAIL> with pictures , our customer care agents will be more than happy to handle that issue for you .
i 'm so sorry you are going through this . please send me the proper information .
please let us know more in details so we can resolve this
we do have some products that will likely be around until christmas . check our website to find out more .
jerseys go on sale beginning on friday .
your package was turned over to usps on 8/ 22 , if you haven 't gotten it , please contact them and provide your tracking number . you just need to ad 92 to the front of it .
we would like to discuss this further . please send us a dm with the best way to contact you . thanks .
come check us out and free yourself from stress of the everyday phone service !
we would be happy to assist you with , please call the following number : <NUMBERS> or you can visit our webpage : @igusamobile
would you a test drive ?
i didn 't notice . we 've got you back now . thanks .
please send me a dm so i may personally assist you .
thank you for reaching out , if you can dm us your information we will have a representative call you directly .
we need an order number so we can look into this for you sir
your support is awesome ! ! ! #aus #basketball at #rio201
that one is hilarious :)
we are so excited for you ! we hope you have the best year ever .
that 's excellent .
please dm your order details and i can look into this for you .
glad you love it ! can we interest you in some samples ?
this is unacceptable and we would like to check into this . please send us information on our websites feedback section .
keep up the great work !
what a great day out the two of you had !
we agree !
we are deeply sorry for the confusion , it could be that it was sent out and they did not scan it for delivery .
yes if it is time for your upgrade you most certainly can !
can you dm more information please ?
there is an automated email that goes out if a cancellation occurs . it might be that your email was incorrectly inputted into the computer on our end . we can check your account or if you feel more comfortable you can edit your account to be sure your email is correct . please let me know how you would like me to assist you with this problem .
hello user , please submit your order number and any other relevant information . i will solve this problem .
hi . please provide more information . is the bin blocking steps in the carpark or at the hospital ? is it a hospital carpark or private one ?
please contact us @ <NUMBERS> so we may assist you
hello , will you please dm us with the store and location so we can get this sorted out right away for you ?
please give us a call on our 800 number so that we can resolve the issue with you .
we are making new flavors for this year . better ones will come soon .
i agree ! completely .
so happy to hear you are a happy customer
sorry for the delay , you are eligible for compensation if you visit <URL>
please dm me your order number and we will dispatch a return label .
please send a dm with the number so we can look into this .
ouch . can you dm us your account info and we will see if we can recover it .
we thank you for your patronage ! let us pass that along to our developers !
ok , i 'll be happy to help you with that . we don 't currenlty have them in stock , but they should be soon . if you send your contact information , we can update you when they become available . in the meantime , you can check out <URL> for some similar styles .
looks like someone forgot to put the disc back in when they returned it . email me at <E-MAIL> and i 'll help you out .
noted . please contact us at <E-MAIL> , as we would like to rectify this situation .
this is the compound sticker , the date is still shown and i am a little concerned if it smells funny , take it back for exchange .
we are extremely sorry for any inconvenience and are currently working to improve the app . please bear with us .
you have reached the right place , team @marceloclaure is hear for you , please dm contact info !
your concerns have been noted . thanks for sharing !
what an adorable pup !
sorry to hear this . we will contact the store management to check on this . thank you for your report .
send a dm with the email linked to your account to receive your birthday reward .
can you tell us where you are situated and we 'll see what we can arrange for you !
can you dm us your tracking number . we would be glad to help .
what is the error you are recieving ?
we are working hard to resolve this issue .
thank you . we will be compiling a reply shortly .
contact us via email so that we can address your email .
nice picture !
what an amazing event !
will do . have a great day !
it looks like the route spacing is a little off . where are you waiting at the moment ?
thank you for having us , it was a great time .
thank you so much !
you 're looking great , <USER> !
we apologize for detracting from your commute . we were having signal issues which caused delays , and we apologize for the negative effects this had on you .
follow us so we can take a look at your account .
yes indeed good sir .
glad to hear it ! we 'll let @merryhillush know :)
enjoy you new camera ! i 'm sure you will get some great pics .
the greenwood store will open 5/18 .
if you can contact our tech support at <NUMBERS> they should be able to help you .
please provide me with your customer number and i will look into this for you .
i 've added the money on to the code
you 're very welcome ! glad you 're enjoying them .
you can reach us at <E-MAIL> .
customer service is one of our core values . please dm us so we can have the pleasure of further assisting you .
yes there is one as far as i can tell
hello the tourist cards can either be purchased at the airport or at the local travel agencies when you get to your destination .
we are so happy to hear you 're happy .
please dm us so we can resolve this issue quickly .
oh no . i am so sorry to hear that . i will make sure the tech sees this .
thanks , great to hear from those who support us !
i 'm sorry to hear that you 're having problems . i can help you find it if you give me your order number and your details .
ok , reply or dm me with your order number , and i will escalate this for you !
hi , we are extremely happy to know you had a positive experience in our store . please dm us details to pass this along to our team .
we isnt that good news
are you not happy with your choice ?
please give us an email or phone number so that we may contact you with a follow up .
hey there . customer service can be reached at <NUMBERS> and <E-MAIL>
i 'm sorry no , but thank you for inquiring .
there are more designs , please browse our selection
thanks for the tweet ! appreciate the love .
hah ! i do similar stuff all the time !
we are glad to hear you are happy !
i would love to help . please dm me your phone number and confirmation number .
good for you . good luck !
sorry to hear that ! please send a dm so we can help !
we are working on installing meters to as many as possible .
we are always looking to improve network quality . can you tell us where you 're located ?
we have contacted the store regarding this issue . please dm us your contact info and address so we can deliver new pillows as replacement .
i 'm sorry to hear you 're still waiting . can you give me your oder numbers and i 'll look into it for you ?
please call 550 and speak to agent .
many apologies ; would you be able to provide any more detail on the location where the issue is arising ? thank you .
we 're sorry for you 're experience .
we 're working so hard to improve our network ! if you need any further assistance feel free to pm us .
way to go . you can dm us if you have any insurance needs .
thank you , support will contact you shortly .
you will need to wait to be contacted . if you go now you will need to pay out of pocket . i have prioritized your issue so you should be contacted today .
hi , sorry to hear you are experiencing problems . if you will send us your email address linked to your account through dm , our development team will look into it .
we 'd love to see you in one too ! come by for a test drive .
we are so sorry for the delays , we will compensate you accordingly
so sorry to hear this ! please send us a direct message and we 'll make this right
dm me the order number eliza and i 'll look into this , thanks .
can you please contact our tech support team at <NUMBERS> on another line to trouble shoot for you ?
great to here , grateful for your continued business .
please send your repaid id to <E-MAIL> so i can look into this issue for you .
the link will be live in just five more minutes . please hit refresh at that time to access the link .
where are we with the contactlless cards ?
hey <USER> we are sorry to hear that , we will be able to share this with the appropriate team !
sure i think it 's this : 867-5309 😆
if you have your confirmation email , it will be to you soon !
we have discontinued this ios app due to customer preferences and current goals . thank you for your feedback .
you 're welcome !
hi there , <USER> ! yes , the smartphone monthly bundle is still unlimited :)
i 'm sorry , as you know air travel is at time prone to delays . please dm us so we can work to regain your trust .
i am sorry that you are having this issue , when did this issue begin ?
your information has been sent . i assure you it is being taken care of keep an eye on your email they will be getting in touch soon . .
we are sorry that it 's taking so long . our technicians are doing their best to get everything up and running asap .
yes . you can send us a message at <URL> and we will be happy to get back to you .
can you please send me a dm with the details ? i 'd like to look into it .
dm me your info and i will check it out for you .
thanks for the comment .
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! for us to help out , please send us a dm . we are happy to help .
can we help you <USER> ?
the college is open today .
sorry , we 're all sold out .
i am sorry about the delay , please be assured that we are diligently working to make sure you depart asap .
we are working hard to resolve this
glad you like them ! we strive to please .
we would love to look into this for you . just send us a dm .
we have nothing new to report right now , keep a eye out though on the device page for any updates <URL>
thanks for the shoutout to wyndham hotel group ! please call the hotel where you want to stay for more assistance :)
love that you love us
thanks so much for sending us a dm . we are on it .
can you please dm the tracking number so we can look into it ?
your transaction is being looked at and a refund will be given if needed .
#happyshopping !
sorry about this laura we try to provide many options for payments on streetcar and the platform , i 'll share your feedback .
sorry to hear you had to wait so long , that definitely shouldn 't have been the case .
your number should work now . try restarting your phone and let us know how well it works .
happy birthday ! we 'd love to give her some swag , stop by guest services !
you 'll have come back to find out .
we 're so happy to here this !
yes , it will be on standby after the concert ends .
glad to be of service
you can visit this website for fresh updates
please try calling our reservation center as they may be better able to assist you .
yes and in the square one also .
you can join by visiting <URL>
hi there , <USER> . we 'll ask our colleagues at @vmbusinesshelp to get in touch with you .
thanks for your input ! #qassist
sooner than you think , pre order is available starting 6 am tomorrow .
thank you for link . please let @sylogum contact her . we want to help .
please give us a call or email us .
hello . can you please describe the delay . is it a single long delay or several short delays ?
ouch . how can we help ?
id be more than happy to help you . just dm me your info and we can get started .
we will have our programmers look into the issue . thank you
i am sorry to see you are having trouble . is there somethin gi can do now ?
if you could please send us a dm with a screenshot i can point it out for you :)
our remote controls have been updated to have faster remote access . if you have any problems contact us .
thanks ! this affects us all . we have to stop a power shift .
we are always listening to your feedback !
ok ! we 'll let the r & d know . thank you !
can you confirm your number via inbox ?
we don 't provide that type of service .
sorry for the inconvenience and happy this was resolved
i am sorry that you had such negative experience . we 'll give you credit for your time and hope that you 'll give us a second chance .
thanks so much for the kudos ! have a great wednesday ! :)
woot ! keep them in your closet ! 😜
i 'm not sure . did you forget your password or mistype your login ?
i 'm sorry to report that two of the buses weren 't able to make their runs this morning due to lack of operators .
that is awesome !
happy to help . thanks for coming !
wow this is deeply concerning , we have sent you a dm and hopefully you can assist us in fixing this .
that looks awesome and healthy . we want to try to make this ourselves sometime after christmas .
i am glad to hear and hope you enjoy the order !
please send me the product information so i can check .
it should be registering i do not know why this is happening
thank you for commenting . we will pass it along to our development team .
love the pic . hope the breakfast was great .
same here , i love it
if you can dm us with your policy number , i can check
sure here is the link
that 's good to know . thanks
did the reply have a ticket reference ?
you can tweet the customer service
that 's correct . congratulations on your win . :)
it 's a security reason , sorry it 's inconvenient but we have the best intentions .
it is a new broswer that integrates with fb and you can get invited by going to rockmelt . com
no need , but feel free to send us a message if you need help later !
thanks for your tweet !
we are sorry to hear that . may you give us more details so that we may be of help ?
thank you and we will look into it and get back with you .
if you send us a dm , we can look into this right away .
we are sorry you are having problems . please dm us your account number and a brief description of the issue .
if you dm me your <NUMBERS> i will call you and assist you with this asap .
we all deserve a pool day once in a while ! enjoy the weather !
good day <USER> . can you please dm me your login id so i can investigate . thanks .
you can find it on both the receipt and on your online order confirmation .
someone will be in touch
you can view them on our website , we have a variety of colors
please leave any comments and suggestions at <URL> !
we want you to be happy , let us compensate you . send us a note at <URL>
right now you need a clip . please reach out again if you have any more questions .
we are so sorry to hear about this experience , <USER> . please email <E-MAIL> so we can help you with this matter .
if you email us , customer service will call you and help process your request .
we would love to help you with us . send us a dm with your details please .
can you contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can take care of your issue ?
we don 't currently have that info . stay tuned !
thanks , enjoy !
hello we are sorry please contact the store to see if we can locate bella .
hi , we are sorry , if you please send us a dm with your information and contact details we will help you out .
hi <USER> ! i 've looked into this further and can say we don 't have any delivery to this location . so sorry !
<3 sounds glorious ! hope you enjoy your products !
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
hi ! have you tried uninstalling the app , rebooting your device and reinstalling ? let us know
we have a new product you might enjoy
received , i can make this better for you , let me dm you some additional options .
i 'll inform the management about this
contact our customer service directly .
i would be happy to help if you dm me your shipping address , tracking number , and phone number . .
and you will look fabulous in them !
wow ! awesome , thank you so much for the shout out and customer sanctification is our goal .
i hate to hear this . please dm the details so i can help you further .
please follow us online for the latest updates during this very exciting time !
there were some earlier delays that threw off the balance . which is the nearest stop to you ?
which of the venues did you want to by the tickets ? usually the system will give you the best available from what is left .
our products are also in other retailers . for a complete list of stockists please visit our website at <URL> .
hello . please provide your username . i will be able to see the current items in your cart and will manually process the order for you .
not that i am aware of
the makeup show opening party is on the same night .
there is a lot more info on our website if you can navigate there and check it out
i am sorry to hear this . dm me your contact and vehicle vin so i can assist .
very well . you should be able to purchase said garment in one of the store you mentioned .
so sorry to hear about your frustration . please give us a call .
thanks for the number we are working on it and contact you soon . thanks
that is great news
there is no plaza premium lounge . what card are you traveling with ?
every weekend has events all over toronto .
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
please dm us so that we can look into it
please dm me the store location , your phone number and email so i can be of further assistance
yes , keep an eye out ;)
hello <USER> . the $ 10 off promotion can be used with this offer !
we are sorry to hear of your issue .
i assure you that we are working as quickly as possible to get update out to all eligible devices .
please dm me the details and i will look into this .
uh oh ! we have other similar plans that will give you access to those apps , please call our customer service line and we will assist you .
the the support team , which country is this located ?
you 're welcome . if you 'd like , you can complete this survey at <URL> to let us know how well we served you .
really sorry you had this issue . if you 'd like us to help you get compensation , please do ! visit <URL> so we can get that going for you .
glad that he is enjoying them !
awesome times .
let 's help you get compensated , file a case here <URL>
hello , i would like to investigate this for you . have you tried to delete your cookies and clear your browser history ? i will look at this shortly .
great article and really shows commitment .
pay with ames after clicking on the front of the line .
sorry for the confusion
thanks for taking the time to report this ! i 've passed along your comments so it can be investigated .
we will hope so
no problem , if you do need any help though feel free to contact us .
hello <USER> , we 're sorry to hear that ! please contact us at <NUMBERS> at your convenience . thank you !
oh no ! i would love to assist you on this , could you please dm me so i can pass it along and get it to the right department
sorry its taking so long to solve this issue , we are working hard to ensure your satisfaction
if you are still having issues after reset , contact your local service center <URL>
they are coming soon , but we don 't have an exact date yet .
this model number doesn 't appear to be from the united states . which country are you located in ?
happy to help ! !
i am sorry . if you provide me more information i can check into the recovery process for you .
we 'd love to help you choose a new camera ! chat with us and we 'll get you squared away .
hey there ! we are so happy to have your input ! i hope your call with hq answers your questions !
all info has been sent in the dm
have you tried ordering it on the website ?
definitely ! we appreciate your support ! proud #qlder here ! <URL>
i 'm so sorry that you are dissatisfied with the product ; could you tell me which location it was purchased at ?
at the moment there are no dates for this , we are sorry .
those are the natural canvas classics that were written on by our team and are not available styled . you can purchase the natural canvas classics and customize them yourself !
make sure to check on it when you are in the store next time
thanks for the update !
what is your name and mailing address ?
we will need an order number , please send that for us
sorry to hear that . please tell us and we 'll see what we can do
that stinks - can you dm me so i can see what is happening ?
sometimes during normal operations , this will occur .
thanks for letting us know . i will pass on the suggestion .
oh no that deal has ended , i am sorry
thanks for letting us know . those areas are currently wind away zones which means you would be subject to our low flat .
it 's a shame that young players aren 't given much of a chance .
keep us updated on the status of your order and we will help any way we can .
we 're doing maintenance work right now and releasing controlled amounts of natural gas - safely , of course !
thank you for your questions . if you need anything else please contact us again .
i sympathize with your plight , and wish you luck !
they have a very good line of foundation and eye specialty products as well as great basics . the also have upper line and an economy line as well . all are unique , quality and cruelty free .
it all depends on where you live !
we 're so sorry to hear that ! we 're looping in our business help colleagues so they can straighten you out .
good day . i have brought the manager in on the communication . would you please send a message stating the when the problems have happened ?
if you send us a direct message we will help you get this taken care of .
apologies . kindly dm us
we appreciate the feedback , and we will make sure to pass on the feedback to the production team !
can you dm us with the details of your issue ?
the bath bomb sounds very relaxing , which mixture did you choose ?
we have made a report regarding the issue .
yay aussies ! thanks for the shout out for #aus #rio2016 #oneteam <URL>
yes that is correct .
we only supply natural gas and not hydro , you need to talk with your hydro provider for more info on the issue
be assured that a team member will respond to you asap . we just started a dedicated customer care page and are working out the bugs .
lexus is always a great deal .
they will be the same weight as the examples .
i would love to help you with this . can you please give me your order number ?
welcome to the family .
sorry to hear that , <USER> . please check your dm , we sent you another reply !
thanks for the update , brian . we are sorry for a delay your comments have been passed to the cs team
can i get your mobile number so that i can access your account ?
i see ! we don 't have restocking info , unfortunately ! i 'll pass this along to the team so that they know there 's more demand ! thanks !
indoor photos are great too !
thanks for letting us know , that 's great !
we also sell our coffee in the groceries <URL>
i 'm sorry , please dm your email & feedback and i 'll forward it for you . thanks .
this is a known problem with gluten free bread , but we are working to improve the recipe . i will pass this along .
sometimes , good things must come to an end . thank goodness we 've got plenty of chicken to choose from !
well , what 's the complaint ? we appreciate your feedback .
thanks ! we 'll look into your email and get back to you asap !
i am so sorry for the delay . please dm so we can look into this .
if you dm me your account number i will process a refund for you .
please dm me the specifics and i will be happy to check it out for you .
sorry you are having difficulties . for blockbuster issues in the uk , contact @blockbuster_uk
thanks so much !
very true , i agree .
this can happen in older city areas , let me assure that this is always safe .
we have checked and will resolve the issue in a few hours
thank you for coming to the concert . stay tuned for more updates from the night .
yes , just visit your local dealership and they will be able to help you .
did you end up getting this work if not send us a message .
yes , you can bring back any dresser that was manufactured between january 2002 and june 2016 .
hello , thank you for contacting us . subscribe to this email thread for the latest updates . i will show this message to the managers .
are you looking to order through us ? i 'd be glad to help resolve any questions you might have regarding our ordering and delivery .
<USER> , we are so grateful for you and the rest of the launch team ! thank you !
please visit <URL> you should qualify for compensation
we strive to be the best or the best customer service ! happy to hear your concern was addressed quickly
we are sorry for any negative experience you had . please dm us your information and we will look into it .
we have ade small changes to simplify the display .
we are still working on the app and will update you when there is progress !
can you dm us with more details so we can resolve this ?
your frustration is palpable . for that i am truly sorry .
the request was already submitted as you asked .
so sorry ! please dm us so we can figure out what 's wrong and how to fix it !
aw man ! dm us your details for a complimentary meal .
so proud ! that 's amazing .
hi there ! have you checked out our store locator yet ? we 've listed the link below .
hello user . i am sorry that there is a delivery issue . are you able to give me your tracking number so that i may look into this ?
we love to hear positive stories about how our company impacts the local community . thanks for sharing .
you are welcome , may i assist with anything else ?
i 'm sorry , please dm me with further details and i 'll look into it , thanks
i 'm so sorry to hear this . our service team will be in touch with you shortly .
we will investigate the issue . thanks
there are still delays in some areas . thank you for your patience during this time .
they know more about computers than college grads these days .
to get on the humungotron , tweet your pics to @tweetqtv
no , you should keep an eye on our page for product and release updates .
i 'm sorry but we currently so not ship with danemark . you can look for stores nearby you using our locator . <URL>
following . please dm me with the details so i can be of further assistance .
we apologize for the inconvenience
i understand the frustration . please dm us so we can look at what 's going on . thank you .
can you please send us a dm with your account details so we can help ?
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help . alternately , you can call us at the number below . thanks !
we hate to hear of your dissatisfaction . could you please dm us your email ?
we are sorry to hear about this , please send us a dm and we will assist you .
it is our job to help you . we 'll have this resolved as soon as possible .
thanks for sharing with us .
i am sorry you 're experience . message us right away so we may be able to help you .
you are welcome , it was our pleasure .
looking forward to it tonight . will you be there ?
hello <USER> , yes , we have on-board entertainment for all our long haul flights .
looping in @payumoneycore to help
please dm us with your contact information so we can resolve this issue .
it is a great movie !
thanks so much for the kind words !
aw shucks alaina , thank you ! ! we think you and your dad are special too ! :)
thanks for following up , enjoy your new wine cooler !
i agree , but wouldn 't if i was a west conference fan .
the other order is backordered , we have sent you an email stating that
please dm me with specific details and i will be happy to assist you .
i 'm so sorry to hear about your issue and truly want to help . please dm or email me for further assistance .
sorry to hear this ! please send a dm so we can help you further !
so sorry . can you send me voucher code and we will correct this for you ?
ok ! we will let them know about your request :) maisy
i 'm sorry you 're unhappy . how can i help ?
i apologize for this . our team is well aware and is looking into it now .
we are rooting for them too !
i 'm sorry you experienced such a long delay . can i help you ?
unfortunately , we did . there is however a store location that you can come to .
how very exciting !
single game tickets go on sale saturday at 10:00 am >
thank you for that .
those were the good old days '
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
thank you for letting us know , <USER> . we will share your feedback with the appropriate team . thank you for your support !
can you send a screenshot of the issue via dm ?
the bands are as appear on our site . we 'll let the product team know you 're interested in the black connectors .
the system has been slow to update , please check back in 2 hours
thank you for your support
we will be opening in the next few months , stay tuned !
sorry to hear you are having issues . can you please let us know your order number ?
you 'll have to scroll down a ways . it 's past the email sign up box .
definitely metallica 90 ' s
i will need the number to see what the issue is here
if you are still having problem , please send a dm so we can get it sorted out for you .
that 's not what we want to hear . dm me if there is anything i can do to help .
wait a few minutes .
you 're welcome , we hope you enjoy them .
thank you for joining us tnoight , we are glad ot have you here .
he essential oils aren 't strong enough to cause complications . they are safe .
we welcome your feedback
please call us at <NUMBERS> to discuss what went wrong .
expect a call within 24 hrs
please email us your details so that we can look into it
we are always trying to do the best we can , please provide any suggestions for us to <E-MAIL> .
that 's great to hear , thanks for sharing !
i 'm glad to hear you 're enjoying your movie !
hello , thank you for always wanting the best new for the schedule . the schedule will be updated soon . please continue to follow us for updates . #summer
its both the beauty and the beast , am i right ?
your shipment is out for delivery with 10:30 time frame . you will receive your package shortly .
could you provide me with the code you used ?
appreciate the positive review . hope you are satisfied with the service .
hi <USER> could you please send me a dm so i can look into this
dm us your contact info and our customer service team will be happy to help
thanks for the suggestion ! i 'll forward it to our team .
please check your inbox for an update .
hello there ! what was your complaint about ? please let us know and we 'll look into it
we are checking into the restock date for the kaws tee 's right now
thanks !
confirmation that the order is packed and ready for shipping . single game
i hope they accept tuition in the form of store credit .
please contact <E-MAIL> directly so we can help !
no , you do not !
apologies . please dm us your details
please send us a message if you need any assistance .
thanks for the love
we are glad you enjoy using the data ! 😊
our website is still under construction , please bare with us
the items were pulled from stock and you have been refunded .
that 's no good ! please dm me your contact info so i can look into this for you .
<USER> glad you got it ! ! ! have a great day !
its something like that i would say yes
they are both separate .
wow it looks great !
send out customer service a message and they can help !
sorry to hear that ! we 'll have you on your way shortly .
interesting perspective - but why can 't people of all religious backgrounds run a business how they see fit , keeping religious freedoms in mind ?
hi there <USER> - we sent you an update . please check your inbox and let me know if you consider this resolved .
low prices are our thing !
you can do it ! !
we apologize for that inconvenience , we 'll look into the issue as soon as possible .
can you re verify that email with me please ?
please dm us any further questions
pasadena is a great travel destination . you 'll love it there !
got it ! just replied back . hope that helps .
thanks for your review and shout out !
i apologize for your troubles , please allow me to pass you onto our support teams so that they can assist you directly .
thank you . we have replied to his message .
we are pained to hear this . we apologize and will forward your observations to the right department .
sorry about that . is that happening on other tribe apps also ?
we just have movie trailers .
thank you for being a part of our special day with the community .
you 'll never know unless you try ! :)
yes . we 'll reply shortly .
oh no ! we 're sorry you 're having issues with your service ! please give us a chance to fix it , and dm us the details so we may further assist you ! @ <USER>
hi bran . just got a response , it should be in december .
it is currently our top priority and we will let you know as soon as we have a solution .
let us know if you need more help .
hi there ! please message us with details and we 'll look into the issue
we would be happy to assist you
can you please give us more details at <E-MAIL> ?
we will put the credits in your account , have a good day !
i 'm sorry you are having a bad experience , can i call you at this number now or what is the best time for you .
thanks for the feedback . can you dm more details ?
yes . you can check your dm thanks .
we are very sorry to hear that , please email <E-MAIL> for a resolution .
we worked very hard on making this perfect for you .
can you send me your tracking number so i can look into this for you ?
hi , we are so sorry to hear about your experience . thank you for your feedback . can you please contact us directly at <URL> so that we can follow up directly ?
please describe the experience , i am sorry that this happened .
we 're sorry to hear about that . please contact our @wind_cares team if you need any additional help .
we don 't want to make you wait another moment . let me get in touch with our customer care team for you .
i 'm sorry you have not gotten a resolution . please tell me the exact problem you are having with the website .
it has been out for delivery , let me check again to see what the hold up is
let 's see it !
we 're sorry that our product was out of stock . we 're working to get it back on the shelves as soon as possible .
hey there , it 's indeed an authorized source !
thanks for the feedback ! let us know if we can help you any further !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
good luck !
can i be of any assistance ?
we love you too !
you should be all set to sign up now ! sorry for the confusion . check now .
we don 't like hearing that ! would you please send us a dm and we can get this sorted ?
the 7:29 am train has been cancelled today .
glad to hear it , good luck !
please dm us so we can unsubscribe you while we work out the technical difficulties .
we do care and we want to help . can you send your form to us here <URL> .
we were happy to be able to help !
direct message us and we will provide you more info
i will send you a pm with tracking details , check your inbox .
sadly , we don 't offer saturday delivery , but we can certainly get them to you by monday if you choose express delivery !
that is terrible ! please dm us so we can make this right for next time .
for the proper info to contact lg india , contact this link .
the last resort is to reset , but it will delete everything in your phone .
we appreciate your business !
your call is given to the next rep in queue . you can always ask to be transferred to a canadian rep and you will be transferred .
that 's a great idea !
could you provide your order number ?
thanks for letting us know ! here 's a link to our warranty instructions .
oh no ! can you tell me where this happened ?
i am so sorry to hear this , please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
contact us via dm for further assistance with the issue .
yes ! the phone should be bought from one of our offices before you can activate the data package .
hi ! please check the dm we sent you which provides information about this update . let us know if you need further help . thanks !
we are sorry for the confusion , can we help you ?
thanks !
welcome !
thank you we will look into it .
the nkrumah heads have all been released in the market . keep going to find one .
hi <USER> , thannks for mentioning us ! if you have any other questions feel free to ask .
sorry to hear that . we 're working on a solution .
thanks ! we 'll stay tuned for updates !
please dm your details so that we can look into this further .
why of course . i would be most pleased to help you .
i so sorry , is there any way we can help ?
hi <USER> your package has been shipped , here is the tracking number <URL>
this sounds lovely . rt .
the feeling is mutual . :)
we regret to here this . please dm us at <E-MAIL> so we can help you out .
so sorry to hear about your experience . please dm or email us for further assistance .
hi , i 'm sorry to hear that . if you give me the order number i will look into it for you .
great ! be sure to post the pictures and feel free to tag us !
* * waves * * sleep tight
we will be able to suggest something for you too .
have you tried visiting our website faq section ? start there and if that doesn 't help you please contact our customer support number or email .
that is not the experience we would like our customers to have . i apologize for your visit at the montgomery location . i will send this over to a member of store management , did you catch the name of the rep you spoke to ?
that 's great ! thanks for keeping us advised .
we will update you as soon as we have further information .
sounds great ! wish we were try the bbq as well !
you are correct ! good luck !
hi <USER> i understand your frustration and apologize for the inconvenience . please dm me so i can make this right .
go get you some in nyc !
can you please tell me more information ?
will do .
if you 'll dm me your information , i 'll look into this !
i 'm sorry for your trouble ! if you have a service number , i can check on your order .
thanks for the details , give me a moment while i work on it .
i will pass on your feedback .
thats not what we want to hear ! email us <E-MAIL> please !
please provide the order number so i can track down the issue for you .
thanks for rwaching out to us . if you send us a dm we can help you even further .
okay . i 'm sorry you 've had to wait . it looks like the second two shirts are on back order .
i understand . i am happy to help you with any questions you have .
have you checked out our sneakers ?
glad you stopped by ! how long have you had your nikon ?
we 'd love to have you in the sprint family ! here are current promotions <URL>
julien is great ! ! we are so happy you had such a positive experience .
we think that 's pretty awesome too !
invite them to enter !
yes , you can in the near future . please stay tuned for updates .
the weather is nice , let us know if you need more info
someone will be in touch with you as soon as possible !
you can call one of our service representatives at <NUMBERS> . the are available daily from 8am to 10pm cst to assist you .
file a claim to see if you are eligible for compensation .
i 'm sorry that this has happened , please to me the location where this is happening at ?
thank you for alerting us to this issue . i have passed on the info to our service team .
pm me details and we can help you
your local store will exchange the set for you , or you can dm us for our return address - whichever works best for you !
yes , they are . please check the following <URL> for suggestions and options wwith young children .
thank you for your feedback and your support !
nothing but our sincerest thanks from #aus . if we didn 't have your support , we 'd have never made it this far . let 's rock ! #rio2016 #oneteam
we 're forwarding your concern to @vmbusinesshelp and we 'll get that fixed .
how can we help you today ?
hello user ! thanks for the feedback , check out this list of healthy blogs !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
per the screen shot , the recharge should have succeeded .
please go to any best buy and they should be able to help you !
lease see the email i just sent you . thanks .
that 's great !
who knows right ? the universe works in mysterious ways ! good luck . let us know how it goes !
shout out to our awesome employees ! #lovefamilyvideo !
i am sorry for that attitude . we have higher standards than than . would you like to speak to a manager ?
i will forward your information to our tech department . please check the mobile site , because there should be no restrictions on that specific item . sorry for the inconvenience !
please try this link , and let us know if it works for you .
i apologize for the inconvenience , the gf bread will be back , it is just temporarily unavailable .
which item can we help you with
that 's what we love to hear , how do you take your coffee ? #takebackyourmorning
so true ! what did you order ?
if you would send me your details i can look into this for you .
hi <USER> if you bought your ticket online or over the phone we can send you a refund !
why yes indeed !
yes , charging stops when at full power .
where can i find my order number ?
thank you for the notice , please call the local number for quicker assistance .
so nice , i love them
anything i mean anything just give us a ring
we are not available at the moment but someone will get back to you first thing tomorrow morning .
this me a maid issue , we have contacted the maid dept and will provide a followup
are you able to give our info desk a call to request what the best alternate routing on the ttc is ? <NUMBERS>
thank you for sharing your story . please visit our facebook page and post your inspirational journey .
hi ! if you send me your tracking number , i can help
hey there . were we able to help you ?
so glad you 're enjoying it ! <3
did you grab the bus number , if so , you can give us a call and we can launch an investigation
hi there ! no , we won 't have them available as it 's not a ticketmaster event tomorrow . thanks for the inquiry !
are you having billing issues ? can you dm a little more information so that we can further assist ?
i 'm sorry about that , please dm with further details and i 'll see what i can do .
aww thanks <USER> bojorquez . you have a great day ! ( insight by <URL> )
i apologize for your troubles . please email us so we can look into resolving this .
wow congrats to the milestone hopefully its the first of many to come . !
hello user . unfortunately we don 't as of yet put symbols for social media on our cards . you can still use text for social media on the cards such as fb for facebook .
dm me your order details so we can resolve your issue .
thank you for informing us about your problem . i have forwarded your information , and your problem will be addressed shortly .
yes , this is real ! our team tried to reach you and failed , or doesn 't have your phone number .
we 're sorry that your customer experience hasn 't been so great . please dm us your information for further assistance .
at this time we do not have a donation program . we have incredible sales associated to email signup . that would allow you to get extremely inexpensive deals or buy one get one shoes on occasion .
it 's our pleasure <3
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
i 'm so sorry to hear that . we will make sure it is made up to you promptly .
the short code is * 555 # and option 5 . let us know if you need any more assistance !
sorry for the mistake . text tfsstop to 83080 to quit receiving our messages .
if you provide me with more info in a dm i can follow up for you
here goes , the email is <E-MAIL> , can i help with anything else ?
hi sai , kindly contact the dealer for more assistance
if you would send your information to the following email they will further assist you .
we love recommendations , please feel free to drop us a line at <URL>
