please contact your dealer for help regarding this matter .
wow ! looks like you had fun !
serving you is my pleasure .
try this number 45926 and see if that works for you .
i am reporting this immediately , what location are you at ?
please dm me your name , address , and tracking and i will look into it .
yes , our team at the store will be more than happy to assist you to cancel a line .
please contact customer service and we will process the order at 47 .
unfortunately there are limited quantities in the stores , but new shipments will be in eventually .
send our customer support a message and we can help !
we would love to check on your shipment , please dm us your order number .
so glad you are having a super time . we have to catch some z 's to keep functioning here . so sorry we missed you . have a blast .
sorry for the delay . the concert should start at 9 pm
hi <USER> , we currently do not have restocking info but i 'll ask the staff and see if they know when a new batch will be coming in and will get back to you !
happiness is all about perspective . thanks for the shout out ! have a great day !
love it !
please visit <URL> so you can receive compensation information .
we are sorry to hear this . please send us a dm so we can look into it .
we currently are offering 2gb of free youtube to all prepaid customers from dec 25-31 from 12am - 4am . be sure to spend 2 credits to be eligible .
we love hearing all of the positive feels !
we just tried to give you a call on that number , but we couldn 't get through . when 's the best time to get ahold of you ?
sorry for the delay . please contact me and i will help . thanks
please provide the mode number
we 're happy we could help . thanks very much for your feedback ! :)
glad to hear it . enjoy .
please send us a dm so we can help you out better .
thanks for the information , we will have someone out to take care of it shortly .
you should be getting the code soon as our support team is working with this issue .
you can locate reward info at the rewards center on the website .
so sorry about this problem . we can help you get further compensation if you 'd like ?
glad to hear it user ! be sure to enter the sweepstakes with a picture of how you redbox . #redboxtake5sweepstakes
i 'm so sorry to hear this has happened to you . please contact our corporate offices so they can help you with this matter .
did you manage to get through to us ?
they are in stock but there is a 1 dollar shipping fee , would you like me to send one ?
which goodies are you enjoying ?
wedding days are are always special ! #tfsforgetmenot
it 's valid until your account exists .
we hope you will join our team soon !
take advantage of the chaos . madonna #truthordare is tumbling to £ 10 & there 's a free cape ! <URL> #madonnaatthebrits <URL> )
you 're welcome ! ! i 'll pass on your compliments .
so sorry to hear that . you can message us for how to file for a refund .
sorry to hear that you had a bad experience . if you dm me with the details , i 'll be happy to help .
niiice ! have you got a car picked out yet ?
so sorry about the wait for phones . can you send us a dm ? we 'd be happy to help !
so sorry to hear that . can you dm us your exact location / address ?
it is worth it , gives me energy the whole day .
wow ! what a great shot ! thank you for posting it . how did we do ? :)
hi <USER> , we try to provide the best estimates we can given the scheduling and gps information we have , but we can 't account for all the variables . we appreciate your understanding !
you can use it but i would suggest reinstalling to see if that helps .
enjoy your weekend !
hello ! feel free to call us on the number below so we can connect you to our support line . thanks ! :)
wow , time flies ! so what are you driving now ? :)
please dm me with your specific details . so i can further assist you .
that does sound blissful . what type of coffee suits you best ?
did you activate the package ?
can you message me your question so we can help you better ?
giraffes and penguins do make for superior training ;)
could you please contact our account specialist on <NUMBERS> so we can help you .
i am happy to hear everything worked out ! feel free to let us know if you need anything !
sure . i will provide it here .
email us at <E-MAIL> or send us a dm .
wonderful customers like yourself !
this year only because messi owned courtois is years pass
thanks for the good word !
go see it , its in our showrooms
glad you like #tokyo , it is amazing !
great , glad to hear it . have a wonderful day .
sorry for your poor experience . please dm so we may discuss the issue .
please try turning your phone off and give it a few minutes then turn it back on . if this does not solve the problem we will proceed with the next step . thank you !
please send me your info i will be glad to help . thanks
hi <USER> ! please follow the link to use our trip planner to help you get to your destination <URL> .
awesome to hear !
great pouring tip from the bartender . cheers
we 're very sorry about this . @vmbusinesshelp will be contacting you shortly .
which company was this ?
we hope the weather will behave
maybe you will get around to returning it sometime in the 2000 ' s and not the 3000 ' s
bring it back to the store and we 'll help you out .
can you give us some more info on what you are using and the issues you are having so we can help you to resolve it ?
we are glad you are satisfied !
hi , do you need any assistance , please send us your name , address , tracking number and phone number to be able to assist you further .
can you dm us so we can further assist you away from prying 👀 😌 .
hi , please contact us so we can make it right
agreed mostly .
thanks for sharing this !
hell <USER> i am sorry for your experience , would you mind dm 'ing me so i can look further into it
i am sorry to hear this . please dm me so i can look into it .
hi there , sorry to say that this isn 't possible right now . i 'll pass along the idea , though . thanks .
greetings ! unfortunately , we don 't use lanyards , but we appreciate you thinking about us .
hey if you send us your size and product code we 'll see what we can do .
unfortunately , there are a number of delays in your area due to weather . we are offering compensation for the users affected . please file a claim report at <URL> .
to report an issue with equipment please call us at <NUMBERS> , thank you so much .
hello , i would love to check into this more for you . could i please have your name and your booking information ? we will be able to tell you if the accommodations have been downgraded .
check out this link to find the closest store :
what type of issue are you experiencing for us to be able to help you out
check out our customer care page @iwcare and someone will be back with you shortly .
do you need help with an order ?
please dm me your contact info and i 'll be more than happy to help !
great time , nothing makes me feel better , #neededthatafteraroughday
you may be eligible for compensation based on your flight problems .
we recommend 0-6 months
let me get in touch with dispatch and get back to you .
great ! we are very glad that your experience was excellent as customer service is very important to us . we appreciate your feedback and look forward to serving your needs in the future .
i would love to help you with this . send me a dm with the details and a good contact number please !
we 'd like to make this right . can you shoot me a dm with more details ?
check to see if you may be eligible for compensation for your flight issues .
really sorry to hear this . please send me an email here <E-MAIL> or dm and we will do our best to help .
we can help you , can you inbox us on our facebook page ?
that 's what we like to hear . thanks for your patronage !
please provide or ntel number , device type and location for checks
we are sorry about the experience , please send us a dm or email us for assistance
sorry for the trouble . please contact the reservations desk directly at <NUMBERS> and they can update your booking .
please dm us for compensation .
i 'm sorry for that . i can fix that up for you right now .
we are so sorry to hear that . can you tell us what store you rented from ?
yikes ! sorry you 're experiencing that <USER> . it seems like you may have the wrong number . our welfare team is at <NUMBERS> .
sounds like you need more couch time !
dm us so that we can help you with this .
we are continuing to keep our vegan customers happy with our growing vegan line . thank you for your feedback .
i 'm sure you will love the superga ! great choice !
thanks for the enthusiastic support ! #uptheblues <URL>
oh , <USER> , that 's quite a dilemma . we 're partial to superga and @newbalanceuk , but we may be biased . ;)
please give us a shout at @wind_cares so we can help .
thank you for sharing this .
could you please tell us the problems you are experiencing with @sprint ? we would hate to lose your business .
hi ! so sorry for these technical difficulties . please dm me for further assistance on this matter .
we have plans to open up in the south east at the beginning of next year . we are posting updates on the following page <URL> .
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
hello <USER> , can you tell me a little more about the issue you are experiencing with your presto card ?
thanks ! we 're glad you 're happy .
what problems are you having with the adapter ? please dm us your email so we can help .
we do not currently offer price matching , i 'm sorry .
haha , nice piece , never would have expected that ! let me know how it goes down :)
sorry to hear that . please send us an email with your store location and account info so we can look into this .
thanks for sharing !
i appreciate your input and interest in the narrative . if you follow this link you can get a discount off clip 2 <URL>
wow what a long wait , we are sorry and are working on this to solve the problem
feel free to join our gamers club unlocked program at <URL> !
unfortunately , this is something only the dealership can confirm .
thanks for the support !
thanks for sharing !
hi i 'd like to help please dm me your tracking and phone numbers name and address and we can get right on it !
sorry but i am not sure what you are referring to .
please send me a dm with your name , address , tracking , and phone number so i can follow up on your request .
i would be more than happy to help ! send me a dm of your account information .
i think the d5500 is probably a great fit for you . <URL>
awesome ! you have won a prize . could you please dm me tp claim
sorry for the problem . we try to have all the sizes available in store and online . thanks for your business
what model vehicle is this ? dm me details and we can discuss .
love it ! rt @somanoid : #storytelling to transform your km projects , strategy and culture #ilta13 <URL>
we may be able to get you compensated for your canceled flight . please visit <URL> .
<URL> is the place to visit to check if you are eligible for compensation . i will help you if i can .
i can check the status for you . please contact me via dm with your contact info .
agent : i am so sorry to hear that you 've had a bad experience . given a reasonable solution , how can we regain your trust ?
please shoot us a dm with your phone / account number and your email address so we can help you out .
we do not have a specific date , we apologize for the inconvenience .
can keys crawl in there on their own ? asking for a friend .
sorry for the confusion . follow up with a dm and we will be happy to assist .
sorry to hear about your experience . can you privately message us more about the promotion you were sent ?
of course ! have you attempted to use a search engine to locate a local cobbler who can assist you with your needs ?
okay send me a dm so i can look into this further for you .
if you bring the packaging to the store they will make it right ! :)
i 'm looking into your reported billing error . i will be in touch with you .
that is terrible ! we don ; t want your stay to go this way . can you tell us where you are staying specifically ?
sorry for the troubles ! send me a dm with your information and i 'll look into what happened
hi there ! i can definitely do that for you . which location are you inquiring about ?
you can stay up to date here <URL> .
i just received it , thank you . if you could dm us with your order number , we 'll be glad to assist you .
thank you for letting us know . we will look into this asap .
we only offer the eco friendly business cards at this time , but i will pass along the feedback .
the fireside will only be available until halloween , grab it while you can .
but of course ! the pleasure is ours !
<USER> could you please let me know what device are you using to try to check in with ?
sorry for the problem . please return via customer service . thanks
we love it ! thanks for having great taste !
what type of repairs are you needing ? please send over some info , and i 'll do my best to get you in touch with somebody who can help .
please dm me with tracking number and i will check . thanks
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
we want to make this right . please file a case here :
tal ben haim .
i would be glad to check that for you if you would dm me your order confirmation .
we haven 't yet , but keep up to date with us here <URL>
oh no ! ! please send us your tracking number so that i can get this fixed for you .
@iwcare will get to your query shortly .
thanks for supporting us !
we replyed in a dm to you and we are sorry for the delay .
rock them out proudly !
we hope that you 're able to make it to mega band .
another satisfied customer . great to hear from you .
okay normally we go for 10 business days from the purchase date . should come soon !
we apologize . we are having some technical difficulties and appreciate your patience .
glad it worked out for you !
great news . thanks for sharing with us .
which size are you looking for ? we can share your feedback .
please dm me the router number and i will look into it
hello user . i will connect you with a manager . please hold on as i connect you .
please send us your address , name and contact number so we can help you with this issue further . thank you .
hi . looking up your perchase by phone number , i see that it has . can you verify you phone number ?
we are very serious , please dm us your vin and we can see if there any recalls on your car .
please provide your order number and we will send it out asap
please provide more information for assistance
do they have any of the exclusive products ?
i dont think a lot of people there are old enough to remember how people dressed back then .
yep :)
hello <USER> you can can find a listing of our dealers here . <URL> .
you can change the plan again tomorrow .
we want to look into this matter further , please get in touch with us
that order has been shipped . you can track it at ups . the tracking number is <NUMBERS>
hi <USER> , just add the shirt to your cart in your size . then use the promo code at checkout . please dm us if you have any trouble .
it 's not a good idea to use them as shampoo permanently .
you guys came through , thank you so much !
please tell me where you are and what route you are on .
sorry , that model doesn 't support that feature . other models do , check them out at <URL>
hi <USER> we have sent a response to your dm , would you mind checking that so that we can continue to help you ?
we will try to help you with that
yes ! way to stay positive . we got this
sorry to hear about this , please dm your info so we can be of further assistance .
most definitely !
please let us know if we can be of assistance to you <URL> .
sorry for the service issue . it should be better now . thanks
i am sorry to hear this . please provide your email so a rep can reach out to you .
can you send us some more info so we can help you out ?
we 're sorry to hear this . we 're working on resolving your issue now .
please try and refresh your browser . and keep us posted on if that worked . thanks .
thanks for the feedback ! send us a dm and we can help you further .
i 'm so sorry . once an order is submitted , it cannot be changed . you will have to return your items for an exchange .
hi <USER> please contact us at 1-800- subaru 3 or <URL> so that we can assist you with this issue you are having . thank you !
sorry for the problems . please contact me personally so i can help . thanks
thanks for notifying us . please send me your contact info . thanks
that sounds like a fab idea ! i will definitely forward your ides to our product development teams !
thanks for your support ! #aus #rio2016
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you please dm us and let us know what specific issue you 're experiencing ? we 'd be happy to help ! thanks :)
tell me your issues . dm me with specific details .
you will recieve an offer for upgrades after one year .
i 'm sorry you did not receive your order by christmas . please dm us your order number so i can look into this for you ?
i am confirmed that your dm is received , i need one moment to review it and i can help .
i get it but we have always been the country to welcome the tired , broken and brave .
we 'd love to help you if you could call <NUMBERS>
sorry for the delay , <USER> . we 'd like to set up compensation for you . please visit <URL> and we 'll get that sorted right away .
sorry to hear this , have you contacted the customer service team at <NUMBERS> ?
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
our customer service will look into it .
i am sorry for the wait . let me look into this . send me a dm .
of course they will beers at the indians game !
we appreciate your feedback . please send me a dm with more info .
we are so sorry , this isn 't what we like to hear <USER> . have you given our customer service team a call ? here 's their number <NUMBERS> .
could you please contact our customer support line ? <NUMBERS>
i am sorry to hear this and want to improve the situation . please email all the information on this incident .
i 'm sorry . could you provide me with your tracking number so i can investigate what happened /
the doors open at 6 pm this evening !
contact customer care so we can resolve this issue for you .
yes they do . hope that helps !
hello - please message me your tracking number . i know that there has been some weather delays as well as some scanning issues . the package may very well be in your state but i will certainly check it out for you .
happy to hear !
it is actually ! it 's all about improvised ideas .
you may be entitled to compensation . visit this <URL> we are here to help .
hi ( user 0 sorry for the inconvience , please let me know if there is anything else i can help you with
let 's go !
those cards look great !
so glad that we have the best customers . glad we can help !
okay we are working to restore service to that number as we speak . hang tight .
they will be there in 5 minutes !
i would like to suggest out rovers .
i 'm forwarding this to our team who can provide further assistance . here 's your ticket number csr <NUMBERS> for this complaint .
could you please dm us your order number and we 'll see if we can 't get this solved for you right now .
we 're only able to support products in the usa . please chekc out <URL> for help in your area .
sorry your are having trouble , please contact us at <NUMBERS>
i am happy to hear . have a great day !
we love you too , <USER> !
we are so sorry you are dissatisfied with your service . how can we make this better for you ?
please message our customer service department .
please check your dms .
we are working hard to resolve your issue .
i am glad we were able to resolve this . never hesitate to contact us !
thanks for sharing .
we are still showing them as available here . can you check again ?
thanks for staying positive
please send a dm with the tracking number so we can looked into it .
congratulations ! ! ! that is super good news !
please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can take care of this issue .
can you please send more details to <E-MAIL> ?
we 're sad to hear that too .
we 've applied for lower rates effective jan 1 2016 .
hey there , <USER> . send us a dm with your policy number and we will help you .
we are excited that you are excited ! !
indeed ! the feeling is mutual . 🙋 🏿
yes , can imagine it is frustrating not to have it back when you thought . did they give you a reason for such a wait ?
hello <USER> can you please send us your order number so we can follow up with customer care ?
we are currently replacing the recycling receptacles , and apologize for any inconvenience . they should be back within the week .
we do believe that our service is the best around ! we are currently offering a deal for new customers who port their number . the deal is here : <URL> .
i am glad you are happy !
i 'm sorry to hear that ! give us your number and we 'll contact you shortly !
so very sorry that your order was mishandled . can you dm us your order number so that we can sort this out and make it right ?
<USER> i understand your frustration . do know that we are working hard toward a reasonable resolution . if you have any suggestions , we 'd love to hear them at <URL> .
sorry for your experience . customer service number is <NUMBERS> .
you should stick with photography ! what kind of photography are you most interested in ?
hi , that sounds awesome ! happy to help .
we haven 't nailed down an exact date , but we will keep you updated .
you are in luck we do have an international us dollar card . you can see if it works for you at this link <URL>
we want you to be happy with your purchase . send me a dm and we will make this right .
we would love to look into this for you . email us at <E-MAIL> and we will be in touch soon .
no problem ! send us a dm and we 'll take a closer look !
that would be fun !
i 'm so sorry to hear this . please send a dm so we can make things right .
your support is greatly appreciated . thank you .
does a bear eat berries in the woods ?
thank you very much .
oh yes we 've got lots of those !
we are investigating this issue
i understand what you are saying . let me look into this further .
i 'm sorry you didn 't have a good experience with redbox . send us a dm so we can figure this out .
we don 't want to lose you . please dm and we will look into it .
we are looking into it now .
we also are stoked to have you work with us on our team ! :-)
give it 2 days and it should be updated
we have passed this on to our customer service team .
it 's at ocado and also sainsbury 's . look at the website for a store locator . <URL>
the issue should be resolved now , if not please contact <E-MAIL> .
thanks for the support . we are currently upgrading .
we 're sorry to hear this ! please let us know if it still isn 't working .
let 's do this !
you 're welcome . just let me know if you need any help .
can you please send us your email through dm ?
that 's great to hear , thanks ! how long have you been with us ?
thank you for the information and i will check into this matter and contact you shortly .
we don 't have any info on restocking , but you may want to try a different size .
when a plan expires you can change it with no requirement for a new sim .
sorry to hear you 're having issues . we have a large array of recommended brands here <URL> .
support will contact you about this order number shortly .
i am a dolphin
i will be happy to forward your issues to the correct team
i 'm sorry for your inconvenience . can you dm me your details ?
hmm , can you check your dm ? i think one of our technicians sent you steps to fix the issue .
there are so many emails that we may look over a few , bear with us
e-vouchers are usually received within <NUMBERS> days .
everyone loves #coffee . i hope i win the prize pack !
we can 't change an order without cancelling it .
sorry to hear that
please contact <NUMBERS> for further assistance .
i am seeing some bunching on route , where are you currently waiting ?
sorry to hear about your this ! we want to help you get compensation . please file a case : <URL>
i want to look into this , please dm your contact details .
we are happy to help . please send a dm with further details .
yes . we hope you are happy about that !
sorry for your inconvenience , let me help you track the page . what is the tracking number ?
please answer this with more information of what happened . thanks .
please allow me to help by providing the requested information .
you 're absolutely right , resiliency is very important !
hi , <USER> . please make sure no sale , charity or other offers are in your basket in order for the code to work properly . happy shopping !
hi , <USER> . i 'm so sorry to hear this . this is not the experience we want our customers to have . if you wouldn 't mind sending me a dm , i 'd be happy to look into resolving this for you .
whenever there is an update available , we notify our users .
didn 't you win before ? you might be good luck !
great job ! come here to look for your perfect car !
i 'd like to assist you as soon as possible , send me a dm please .
hello there , sorry for the inconvenience . it takes up to 5 business days to receive a replacement card . hope this clears things up .
yes that is a very exciting collection . up north there is the constant change of clothes with the changes of the season so one must be prepared .
i 'm sorry to hear that happened to you . i see you ordered xxxl . what size ( s ) did you receive .
i can check on that for you if you dm me with your order confirmation .
please send us a dm with the store location you visited and your account number so that we can look into this for you .
hello ! that would be at the union square location .
if you dm your name , delivery address , and tracking number , i 'll be happy to help
we 'll always keep our fans updated for any news we want to share :D
that is not good news , please contact us so we can disuss this matter
you could try to call <NUMBERS> and tell them you want to speak with someone on the customer advocate team . let them know that no one has been able to help you after multiple attempts .
i cannot talk about the problem in public <USER> but for safety reasons i 'll respond via dm
i 'll check on that right now and let you know as soon as i can .
i am sorry to hear this . please <E-MAIL> so we can address this .
we 're sorry to hear that . can you dm us your email so that we can have a rep reach out to you ?
yes , i can . can you dm me some additional details .
please dm us all your details and we 'll be delighted to help .
please send me a message so we can help rectify this .
i need your order number and then we can proceed .
please send a private message through <E-MAIL> your new case number is <NUMBERS> , include this and they will be able to address .
it was not referred to
i am a fan and would love to partake in no pressure chat ! ! !
that is tremendous news !
yes , please dm your location and we will assist you .
please dm me your account details so i can better assist you .
this isn 't good . send us a dm so we can look into this further .
of course
thank you ! ! !
oh no , i 'm very sorry . i 'm showing one arriving in 5 minutes .
we have no updates on the service right now , please check again later .
we are also . #qlder !
sounds pretty ! we have a ruched top that would look good with the pants and it is available in 5 colors . check it out !
so excited to hear you are pleased . thank you !
thanks glad you love them !
that is not the experience we strive to provide . would you please dm us so that we can look into this ?
hi , please dm us your phone number and we 'll be in touch soon .
give me a moment and i 'll try to see what the issue is .
please dm us with the particular issues you are experiencing so we can either resolve the issue or direct you to someone who can .
please restart your device and let us know the device model so we can look into the issue .
there are many things that could be happening . please check this <URL> for helpful information .
please dm us your order number so we can look into this for you !
you can read more at <URL> .
oh no ! ! we can 't have you going hungry , please call the store directly to have them make it right !
we are sorry for the wait ! it looks like the bus is in your area now . were you able to board ?
thank you ! now another renter can enjoy that film as you decide what to view next ! thanks for choosing redbox !
#winning #cantstop #keepgoing
you are in look , that option is arriving soon !
] sorry this was a problem , we will help you get compensation , put us to work <URL>
i just responded .
this looks amazing ! congrats on healthy eating !
thanks for contacting us . how can we help ?
we just got your email and will reply asap ! :)
we feel your pain . please be patient . power should be up very soon .
are you on the move now ? we checked and the announcement was made . maybe you boarded afterwards ? hope you are on your way . if we can help further let us know .
thank you for letting us know that the situation was resolved and that you were pleased with justins service . thank you for being a loyal sprint customer .
glad we could help you out <USER> . if you don 't mind send me a dm so i can pass along your feedback .
so sorry to hear about your experience ! please allow me to investigate by dm @fedexhelp with your name , address , tracking , and phone numbers . a description of the issue would also be helpful .
thanks for notifying us ! we 're looking into the issue now .
happy birthday , and many get well wishes to your baby !
hi <USER> , please contact our sales time to check into this matter .
it is amazing , thank you for organizing the event .
can you give us more details on what you were buying
you will need to place the memory card into the computer and copy the firmware file . as for your camera , it does not need to be connected .
it is possible we are out of preorders for ship to home . i apologize for the trouble this has caused you . let me look into it . send me a dm .
i am sorry to hear your experiencing issues . if it the sale online didn 't state for online only then the store has to match the price . please send us a message with your contact info and detailed information of the problem so we can rectify it .
please hang tight , someone is on the way
hello , i will check into this for you and send you a dm in just a moment .
sorry for the confusion . changes to schedules have been ongoing . a new schedule will be out soon . sorry for the inconvenience .
we 've got this on lock down !
hi - each ticket is $ 100 + $ 8 in taxes for pits . other tickets have lower and higher prices but the tickets are moving fast !
yes , i have coffee every morning .
dm me the new number and i will check .
could you please send me your order number and full billing address and i would be happy to look into this further for you ? thank you !
i agree it was a poor decision . they should always put the top names on the main roster .
the business stands to be at an advantage .
no problem . there are many different sample packs and combinations also :-)
we will be compensating you , please reach out to us
is it possible to show me a screenshot of your error . if you could email me the details of your request i would be willing to help .
our platinum card does charge a fee of 2.5 % . that extends our protection to your purchases .
yes , we are sure you will be pleased .
it should take about half a second from what i know about our equipment . how long does it take on your camera ?
nothing worse than losing a much cared for scarf . i can feel your pain !
ouch ! so sorry it arrived late !
send a dm with your order number and i will verify that the cancellation has been entered . thanks .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
hi <USER> that is not the experience we strive to provide . please visit <URL> as you may be eligible for compensation .
thanks so much for sharing ! we 're glad you 're satisfied !
sorry for the inconvenience . please contact me at <E-MAIL> so we can access your account and better assist you .
send us a e-mail with your details a specialist will look into this for you .
was this item bought in the us or india ? that way i can direct you to the proper support .
we would love to help you . just dm us your current reservation and what you would like to change and we will see about amending it .
we haven 't announced presale info yet but please sign up for alerts at our site .
we are sorry to hear we did not meet your expectations , can you fill out a survey for us <URL>
oh no , i 'm so sorry to hear about your kiddo 's hair . please dm me details so i can look into this for you .
oh no , that 's not what we like to hear ! please send me a message with your order number and i 'll see if i can find out where your package is .
they have one and are holding it for you .
it would be best to see the damage in person , please bring your car in to the nearest shop .
so sorry for the mix up . please contact me for service . thanks
alright .
i would like to pass along your feedback . can you dm me your policy number .
hi , we are sorry for this , in this page @vmbusinesshelp you should be able to acquire help .
make sure you are trying to purchase through the presale link !
that is correct !
hello there , please see our dm for more info
hello , would you call us at <NUMBERS> so we can talk about it ?
great ! happy to hear you are satisfied
lets us know how you feel when it arrives .
we hope you enjoy it .
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
i didn 't realize you were a ttc employee . the explanation holds though .
what was the issue ? we want to help you resolve it right away .
please tell me what your order number is
so happy that you are happy with our service . we are here when you need us ! very welcome !
customer service can be contacted at <URL> . feel free to reach out to us !
super super to hear , send us a dm and we will send you a thank you prize !
you may have to restrict your background apps .
thank you for sending us your details ( name ) we have responded .
i 'll pass along your feedback . always appreciate getting to hear from people !
will it boot to safe mode ?
hi i have contacted you via facebook please respond at your earliest convenience .
all you have to be an amex cardholder and that the event is sponsored by foti . sales will show if they are available .
beginning of march look out for it
so sorry to hear about this . can you send us more details ?
definitely proud !
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
it pleases us to hear that you are happy with our services .
thank you for the positive input ! at what time were you on this route ?
have patience with us as we are always trying to improve
please contact us at <E-MAIL> !
i 'm sorry to hear you 're having such a negative experience . if you 'd like to dm your phone number along with the specifics of what the issues are , i 'd be more than happy to help you .
sorry to hear this <USER> can you dm us about this issue ?
you ever think about getting a lexus . lol <URL>
here it is
we are sorry to here you are dissatisfied .
ooh , that sounds yummy !
so sorry to hear . if you message me , perhaps we can work something out for you .
good one . like the lyrics .
hi there , so sorry for that - we see your message and someone will be contacting you shortly . thank you !
hi , we would like to be able to help you finding better pries within our company . please dm us your email address .
we apologize for the trouble . if you fill a case at <URL> we will be sure you are compensated .
yes ! we so happen to have a counter at rushden lakes store ! please dm us for store location and directions .
thank you for the positive feed back . we enjoy having you as a customer
thank you so much for your feedback <USER>
thank you for contacting us . we have sent details for the repair to your inbox .
can you provide more details through a dm ?
lets address this issue , please send a dm for further assistance .
please use the route map to find the best route
we 're sorry for the inconvenience . please dm your name , address , tracking # , and phone # so i can look up what caused the delay and fix the problem for you .
thank you for the feedback !
yes we do .
try rebooting it as well .
isnt that lovely wow
we would be happy to assist you . send a dm with your account details , please .
thanks for the heads up . i will notify the office . thanks
we currently do not have an eta , but we are working to fix this asap .
i 'm sorry about this . please check out <URL> to see if there are any compensation benefits awaiting you .
i 'm sorry to hear you are having issues . can you please pm a screenshot so i can look into this further ?
if you go here to this link <URL> they will be glad to help .
hi i 'd be happy to help you with that . we have a tech department that can help you figure out what 's going on one on one . the number is 1-800-472-1888 .
if the product listing is online it will most likely be back in stock soon . we 're not able to say when . sorry about that !
we 're always opening new stores - stay tuned to our facebook page for the latest news !
🤔 this is not good !
i am sorry to hear this . please send us a message at <URL> so we can further assist you .
we love to hear this !
i apologize we are closed right now but someone will contact you as soon as we re open
we want to keep you as a customer . please send us a dm .
can you please dm us with a screenshot ?
thanks <USER> ! we always try to use everyones ideas to the best of our abilities .
sorry about this . please send a dm with details so we may assist you .
hi fred , our brand event ends both in store and online on 11/28 / 2017 . thank you .
enjoy your meal !
as a <USER> i 'm stoked @michaelbush29 is joining the #birdgang . he 's a stud ;)
please call that store for the quickest assistance . hope that helps .
please send a dm with the part number and we 'll look into it for you .
sorry to hear that . try <E-MAIL> /
i cannot how incredible this is
dm us for further assistance .
we understand that , let us know if we can help in any way
hi there ! you can find a write up about our vision statement at the url i 've linked to below :
i 'm sorry to hear that . if you 'll direct message me your details , we will send you out a comp for two titles in appreciation of your continued business and as a sorry .
it sure does and check out some great blu ray movies here ... <URL>
which hardtail are you testing or looking at testing ?
we love to hear that ! thanks for the props ! ;)
that is unfortunate on expired cards . dm and i 'll see if anything can be done .
check your dm for an update .
glad you are having such a good time !
i can look into this for you , let us know your policy number
i 'm sorry i don 't understand your message .
hello joanna , i am sorry to hear that you are experiencing difficulties . please dm your contact info and order number and we will arrange a time for a callback .
sorry , you can always view our pictures via mobile data , but you may incur charges . thanks .
i apologize for the issue you 're having . i 've sent your concerns over to our tech support team . we 'd hate to lose you as a customer .
nothing , aside from paying your bill in a timely manner .
thanks for letting us know about your experience <URL>
so sorry you are still waiting . could you dm us your registration number and we 'll look into this for you and see when they are coming ?
we feel badly about what you experienced . please dm us with your model number so we can further assist you .
if you would like i can go ahead and check that our for you .
sorry to hear that , can you dm me your information so we can help ?
there is no general pre sale . sorry for the misunderstanding . thanks
this has caused a lot of service issues but we are working on improvements . thank you for being patient with us .
thanks for letting me know ! i have a few senior level members taking a look into it for you .
this type of feedback isn 't productive . can you send us a direct message so we can help .
please shoot us a dm and i 'll have someone guide you through this in more detail .
appreciate the positive comments !
sorry but if you would like to discuss other options , please contact <E-MAIL> .
i am sorry you are unhappy , but unfortunately we are unable to make changes once an order has been fufilled . as soon as you receive tracking you should get in touch to address issues before a delivery .
we are sorry for the troubles , you can delete the emails and make sure to not click any downloads
unfortunately , the golden hawks don 't ask for presents ..
sorry to hear about your flight ! we can help you out !
please dm us so we can help you out .
great picture of pokemon and thanks for sharing . cheers .
we 'd love to hear your feedback via a dm .
thanks for sharing your experience with us .
please send our customer service department a tweet @tmiecs ,
check the secret panel behind the foreign films movie rack
thank you for suggesting this i will pass it on to our team ! :)
that piece is ideal for adding just a hint of texture . we will try to respond to your email as soon as possible .
we have some new gear coming out on 9/29 !
love to hear it ! what did you end up snatching ?
i can help you if you dm me with your email that your wallet is linked with .
please send a dm so we can have this looked at !
would you like to drive in this bad boy ? we can set up a test drive !
pace yourself and remember to drink water in between drinks .
i 'm sorry to hear that <USER> ! please dm us if there 's anything we can do .
we 're working on it !
your number has been successfully activated , you 'll just need to confirm an incoming text .
thank you for reaching out .
thanks !
there may have been a mixup since we ship to europe too . we 'll make a note of it :)
ok but this has been going on for several weeks . there 's definitely a problem
if you cannot reach an operator , please call after 5pm when the call volume is reduced .
can i get your order details , please ?
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
sorry for the delay . please dm me your order number and i will look into it further !
we love you and our shoes too . thanks for the love .
i 'd be happy to assist you , user , in getting this bonus .
that is wonderful and fantastic
interesting article <USER> !
hello , thank you for letting us know . we will update this now
we wanted to get your card to you asap but the renewal card will be transparent !
see our mobile page @lgusamobile . we can assist you with any issues you have .
thanks for the support !
please let us know your zip code so we can investigate the connectivity issues .
i would love to help you if you send me your details through dm .
we are checking in to see if this problem has been rectified .
direct message on twitter . please provide your phone number and we can reach you directly to resolve .
we are speeding things up at this moment . thanks for the input .
i 'm sorry to hear that . we strive to have a balanced mix , but some bag might have more or less of something .
i apologize for any inconvenience . please send me your payment id so i can get this taken care of for you . customer service is a priority of ours .
let me look into this . can i contact you later ?
thanks for bearing with us . our team is looking into this matter .
we did call the store to make sure it would get to you okay :)
there are no fees when you buy credit for your tigo line in addition to the triple bonus . it is the same with buying credit for other networks .
i 'm sorry for the inconvenience . dm me and i 'll see that it gets priority action .
it is difficult to figure out which one is your favorite .
any changes in the audio quality ?
please click the link below to file a case with lost and found
can you give me the bs number so we can fix that ?
fabulous 🙋 🏿 .
this isn 't what we like to hear from our customers . however , igus is only able to support products in the usa . for other support channels , please check out <URL>
i 'm glad you like our vehicles .
can you please dm us with more details ? thanks !
thank you ! we love hearing from you !
that 's right <USER> ! we aim for the best for our clients and our attorneys .
i can help you , but once you deactivate you can never rejoin . dm me .
we 're sorry to hear this , please dm us and we will get your 100 $ back .
so sorry to hear that ! please send us a dm so we can adjust the route guidance .
. one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
i 'm sorry to hear that . dm me your contact info and i 'll do my best to help you .
yes they run very true to size , if you would like you can come by today and check them out
sorry for the mix up . you will love the show . cheers
the inventory count is currently being adjusted .
please send a message at <E-MAIL> for an update .
so sorry . can you dm your number so we can have someone call you tomorrow ?
hi <USER> sorry to hear about this , would you please send me a dm so i can better assist you
please send us your order number and we will look into the exchange
let us know if we can help .
i am sorry to hear this , would you mind sending me your order number so i can see what i can do to get you a replacement
we hate hearing that . dm us the info on where the shoes were purchased and we will try to get that fixed for you .
until may 9th .
glad to hear the love !
please send us an email at <E-MAIL> detailing your experience . we will check into this and see if it is possible to reimburse you .
following ! we heart you ! thanks !
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
i 'm really sorry you had such a bad experience . if you give us the details at <URL> , we 'll look into that for you .
do you need any help ?
we don 't currently have a release date but we 'll keep you posted !
we are so sorry to hear this . we would appreciate your feedback on your experience . please contact us at <E-MAIL> or <NUMBERS>
i 'll be looking into this .
how can i help ?
i would like to book my place at the design summit .
we are so thrilled to hear that ! thanks for sharing your love !
if you follow us and send your contact details through dm we can address this .
please accept my apologies for any inconvenience or difficulties accessing our site . please allow me to assist you by responding to my direct message in your inbox .
our support staff will be contacting you shortly . thanks for giving us a heads up .
no we do not send people out that is not our business
okay i appreciate you letting us know about that . we are letting marketing know so that they can get the ad removed .
glad you 're happy . you 'll get use out of it .
sorry about the bagel issue . what can we do to help ?
we have an incident number but it is not the one you provided . please dm us more information so we can help you out .
i am here to help , if you can provide me your tracking number , i will provide any information needed .
thanks for the feedback . contact me via dm to claim your prize .
yes , see you there ! @themakeupshow
hello , do you have the vin number of the car so i can look up the warantee ?
my apologies ; let me look into this for you .
sorry to hear you 're having trouble with our app . please reach out to us more about the issues you 're having .
we apologize for this . can you dm the details so we can work to resolve this issue ?
congrats on the upcoming wedding <USER> , we don 't have stock information available to us , i suggest directly contacting toms retailers for their stock information . <URL>
here at mercedes our customers come first , thank you for being one
oh , the irony .
we will be looking into this right away . if you have any further questions , please reach out to our billing dept <NUMBERS>
hello - please let me know the salesperson you spoke with so that i may investigate further .
it usually takes 2-3 weeks from purchase date for delivery . we thank you for your patience .
yes , to xxx . sorry for your misfortune .
please send us an email
everyone has to have an opinion , we are sorry we did not reach your expectations
sorry to hear you 're having trouble we have some partners that should be able to help you out at the following address <URL> .
please file a case here so we can make it right :
let us work for you and put money in your pocket for your flight delay .
i am happy to hear this
glad to hear the wonderful feedback . thanks for the input .
<USER> thanks for the feedback ! we love providing our customers with the best experience possible .
<USER> , can you please provide your order number so i can be of further assistance to you .
have any ideas ?
great ! i 'll report it from here .
please send us a message with your complete address .
just make sure to keep your goal in sight and work towards them !
expect to have it by next week !
please call our customer service line at <NUMBERS> and we can set you up with a reimbursement . alternatively , you can get to the nearest delta customer service desk and open a claim there .
unfortunately i 'll be working
i would let the operator know and see if its possible .
although our support page is down , you can still reach assistance through the support line at 1-800- # # # - # # # .
can you please tell me what was ordered in the order ?
this is cool . thanks for the feedback !
no the special ticket is only one per customer . we hope you enjoy the show !
thanks for sharing !
thank you for your support . check this out . <URL>
we aren 't aware of any site issues ! can you dm us and let us know what issues you 're experiencing ? thanks !
we are sorry for the inconvenience and would like to look into your service issue . please email us so we can help you .
how about browsing out catalog ? we 're sure you 'll find something you love ! :) here 's a link !
<USER> i 'm sorry you are experiencing trouble . please contact tech support at <NUMBERS> and they will get you up and running again .
we will work to implement further improvements .
please message us with your email address so we can further assist you .
yes , we will accept any of the id cards as long as they have a photo . we also need your email .
it is a hot item this season , please keep an eye out for when they restock at that location
hello there ! send me a dm so i can further help you .
i can understand how you would be frustrated , i appreciate your long time loyalty and want to find a plan that better reflects it .
we have send you another email .
yes any feedback left gets read !
that 's not good ! we 're working to restore it .
i am sorry that you did not get a response , i know that can be frustrating .
please provide your account number so i can review your plan and see if i can find you a better deal .
take a pic ! :)
love the look of these items !
i 'm so glad you had a great time with the #lexusgs 460 .
hello , i can see your previous conversation . what else can i help you with .
we believe in you !
oh no ! if you send them back to us with an explanation we can have them reprinted or refund your purchase , whichever you prefer .
we suggest you contact customer care uk <E-MAIL>
it was good having you here , please come back
finished !
please send a dm so i can tell you about the amazing offers and promotions we have just for you !
the down line is being repaired and power will be restored within the hour . thanks
great , i will be in on saturday .
i hope you find something awesome .
glad you 're enjoying it <USER> !
yay ! thanks , <USER> ! we love all our customers !
the only this happen is if they attempted delivery three times . then the package is returned to the shipper .
please check out this url for more info .
i 'm sorry to hear that you 've had probelsm with your orders , <USER> . please get in touch via dm if i can help you with a specific issue . thank you .
currently we are out of stock , you can check back next season or so up for our emails <URL>
i would be happy to assist you in locating said grommet . i will walk you through the he processes .
what was the name of your driver ?
wonderful . happy to hear it .
if you dm us with the specifics of your incident , we will do our best to assist you .
sure !
so sorry to hear about this . have you spoke to your local store yet to see what offers are there ?
hello , the info for the site can be found at <URL> . scroll all the way down to find acceptable methods of payment .
we were having technical issues that have been resolved . sorry about the inconvenience ! .
i am sorry you had a bad experience . please m us the details and we will escalate your issues to the right person
healing very well , thank you for asking ! #stosa
please dm us your worries and we 'll get back to you .
please provide us your address and zip , and your spring #
we will pass your feedback on to our product development team . can i help you with anything else ?
we are having some traffic issues , but they will arrive shortly .
thanks for the shout out ! #uptheblues
that is a lovely pic
only an annual policy can be offered . please let us know if you need further help .
hi , <USER> , i think you 'll be happy with what our travel team has come up with . call them at <NUMBERS> for the details .
please send us a direct message for further assistance .
hey there ! so sorry that your flight was delayed . unfortunately , most delays are out of our control but we have built in a compensation plan already to make it a little bit easier on you . hope that helps !
it 's lovely !
oh no ! im sorry to hear this , do you have your order number so that i can look into this for you ?
that 's great to hear ! thank you for the kind words . if you want to share this feedback with our team , please shoot me a pm .
you can use it toward anything you choose .
dont we all just love our kfc
is there anything i can do to help ?
let me check the tracking number .
we apologize . please dm us the details so we can follow up .
we are sorry to hear this , dm us please
i 'm sorry to hear that . dm me your contact info and i 'll do my best to help you .
is there anything else we can do to help you ?
hello ! we 've sent you a dm . :)
not to my knowledge the buses are rarely crowded if i am correct
hi there again <USER> ! due to api restrictions , this isn 't an option . we do preview the image when you submit a link in our publisher .
i 'll be sure and do that .
yes , we have them in stock . thanks
they 'll be out in late september ! you can follow @cavsteamshop for the latest updates :)
you should be receiving your refund as soon as the parcel is returned
fantastic moves !
let us know a good time to get a hold of you so we can connect .
yes , you may do so .
happy easter !
hi <USER> , we currently don 't have a release date for the uk due to a few improvements that need to be made first but are hoping to have a date in the near future and will post on the website as soon as we do .
we are doing our best to get it out as quick as we can !
yes please ! we care about your privacy as well :)
please note we are studying the judgement and will appeal , click for our statement <URL>
thanks for spreading the word !
we 're sorry you 're dissatisfied , that 's doesn 't make us happy at all ! please send us a dm so we can find a solution .
you can dm us with your information so that we can further assist you in resolving your problem .
yes . as you can imagine , the pineapple shoes were quite popular . perhaps you might enjoy our avacado shoes ?
we are sorry you have experienced this . we are working on improving our services .
we are glad you liked it !
thanks for getting in touch . we are adding baby changing stations to every store ,
what error message are you receiving ?
i 'd be happy to assist you in navigating our village choices .
the box office is walk up only , we have a limited amount of seats left .
we apologize for the inconvenience you 're experiencing . one of my team members should be calling you again in a moment , please stand by .
the item wont be sent . you can reorder if you would like .
we 're so sorry you had a bad experience . dm us your phone number and account number so we can fix the issue .
i 'm sorry that it 's not available at the moment , but it 's on back order and should be available soon .
we at wind think you would like what you find here .
hi , glad you enjoy our product . we will certainly look into bringing back the veggie tots !
hello . an update has been made . please check your dms . thank you !
congrats ! you are awesome . please consider us when it is time to buy your first car .
sorry for your experience . please fill out our feedback form <URL>
is the store credit not active right now ?
we are always happy to help !
thank you for alerting us . yes , we 're aware of the issue and are hoping to have it cleared up soon .
can you send me your apn through dm so i can look into it .
sorry to hear this ! please send a dm and we will assist you !
lets make it happen ! please dm us your school name !
i am sorry . we are working on network improvements . hope you can hang in there with us .
can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to look into this for you . thanks !
you should be able to find details here <URL>
we hope to be able to get you compensation for your flight troubles .
we will be updating the site shortly with the brochure for my17 .
contact <E-MAIL> so we can take care of it for you !
unfortunately this is being discontinued . please check your local stores for availability before its gone .
glad our coupon could help you take back your morning . keep us posted !
which movie do you plan to rent ?
we 're stoked that you had a good service experience !
the tag should be at the foot of the bed .
please send a dm so we can figure out the problem .
we are sorry for the inconvenience . please provide us with your contact number and e-mail address so we can investigate the issue further .
send us a dm and we can help further assist you !
that was not cool .
it 's probably best to throw it . just an excuse to buy more !
hey , did you know you can get 60 % off black crack during our mega sale ? <URL>
ga1 is in the main area , yes .
oh we think you will be wowed ! let us know how the event goes !
we are letting our support team know this immediately . <URL>
thank you and we appreciate it .
neither can we ! #dreamlaughlive
thank you for the support
lease dm us your vehicle and dealership details , so we can better assist you .
we do value you ! we love our customers .
hello there ! if you head over to the google play store and download the " logmein " app , you can use the handy file manager tool on there to copy files . hope that answers your question !
please dm your location and other user info .
you can file a formal complaint at <NUMBERS>
would tell you it should come without the stick in the first place
wow ! feel free to send us another photo in our #supergaselfie competition on instagram .
please let us know what they are doing , <URL>
send customer service a message asap !
please give us a call at 800 - subaru 3 so we can help you !
i am so sorry to hear this . if you will answer back with your order number , we can track this down for you .
hello ! we will be in touch with your shortly .
you will have to register for this service
please use this number and reach out to us , we would be so happy to hear from you
if you visit <URL> , you will be able to find some ways to troubleshoot your system .
great 👄 🎁 🥇 !
we will make sure this is fixed accordingly .
we 're so sorry for your inconvenience , please contact us at <NUMBERS> to resolve this .
we have forwarded this message to the team in charge and talked to the leader and they will be in touch .
it is 5 cents per to transfer
can you let us know some details ? and our customer service will get back to you and look into it . <URL>
wow , thanks for the feedback , we 'll share this with our team .
send us a #supergaselfie soon !
oh no ! please dm me your expierence !
good news user !
thanks ! we are getting in the spirit early this year ! you should see our decorations in person !
hi , my name is terri and i 'd like to find out what happened . please dm your name , delivery address , the tracking number and a phone number i can reach you at .
we are looking into this for you , you should print them out and see the suite # .
that 's a tough question ! there are too many to list .
we are sorry for the delay .
the snes classic was available this morning for pre order .
it depends on many factors . follow this <URL>
hi there . please reach out to the dealer that you purchased from to resolve this . i wish i could be of more assistance .
i 'm sorry to hear that . if you want a refund , you can contact customer service at <NUMBERS>
that is not good , please dm me so we can see if we can get this resolved quickly
would love to help , please dm us with more details and photos of the chair so we can assist you . thanks .
great . i 'm glad this is working out so well for you .
check options " and be sure " automatic updates " is enabled . if that doesn 't start updates then you will have to reinstall the latest version .
that 's great news ! come check out our range to find the perfect first car ! :)
sorry about the inconvience , would you mind sending us an email at <E-MAIL> so i can get this handeled
thank you very much for the support
* sad day *
please visit the following link to see a list of open stores in your area . <URL> should be one !
i love the shirt you have on ! will you wear it for the holidays ? we hope you do !
presale tickets are not available for all . if you feel that access for presale tickets should be available to you then please respond with contact information .
so sorry that the flight has been diverted . are you aware that you are eligible for compensation ? please visit <URL>
it goes on a case by case basis , can i have your email so i can see what i can do
hi , we have received your details , someone from our department will be able to assist you .
can you dm us ? we 'd be happy to help you out !
could you dm us to discuss this further ?
sorry to hear that there was some trouble with your order , i just messaged you on facebook . thank you for being a customer .
nice . glad that you are enjoying the monday .
were so sorry to hear about this . contact customer service so they can help .
so it 's different movie types ? some are 2 for $ 5 and others are 3 for $ 21
howard is on fire !
i would be happy to make this better for you . please dm me the store location this happened at
sure will be . expect to see that in late october .
we always love hearing from our fans !
wow , we appreciate the dedication , what questions can i answer on the app ?
hi <USER> , we will be sure to get back with you today .
when the stores open . cheers
we hope you are satisfied with your phone !
greetings , we regret the inconvenience with your motorcycle , send me your city of residence to tell you where we can help solve it
we appreciate your continued patience , can you please reach out via dm so i might further assist you .
oh sorry to haer about this unsatisfaction . could you please send me a dm so i can get it to the right department
great ! what have been your favorites ?
oh we are glad you enjoyed the movie !
a knowledge collectors item come to #know16
we love to hear that !
sounds good to us !
thanks for reaching out ! your satisfaction is always our number one goal . what can i do to rectify this situation ?
dm me the order number and your contact info and i will look into it .
yes , we are on it now
i know it takes a while to fix but it should not have taken so long , thank you for your patience
if you can dm me your account details i would be happy to address this issue .
sorry to hear . how can we help ?
right on . we with you .
so glad you enjoyed it ! ! what did you have ? ?
thanks for visiting , enjoy !
you are very welcome .
dm me your info and i will pass it on .
sounds like the perfect night .
our pleasure !
let me look into this . we need to fix this issue now .
we 'll forward your feedback to our development team and find out if this can be resolved .
hello , yes due to overwhelming demand for our makeuprvltn hd pro cream contour palette in fair , we have had trouble keeping up with demand . we are working hard to get more in and if you click on the notify when back in stock button we 'll be sure to notify you as soon as it becomes available .
this is so good to hear . long live things that live long !
please dm me for further info . thank you .
it is always the right time for it !
you can find more information here <URL> .
so sorry . if you dm us your order number we can track that shipment for you .
so much to talk about , and not enough time to talk about it all . #powerofprecision
there are some new business discounts that can make a policy cheaper . i can double check if you dm me your policy number .
this one is safe .
try to squeeze in a stop - @jimkerr09 owns the establishment and it is meant to be wonderful !
you bet , glad to help .
so sorry to hear about this . send us a dm and we can further assist you .
#stunning
it is always an exciting experience #firstgamers
hello , my name is mishelle . i would love to help resolve your problem . please dm us your name , address , tracking number & phone number .
how may i assist you further ?
welcome to the family !
what 's the order number and updated address ?
here are some other options ! you can click <URL> to review or follow / dm name , phone # , call time to discuss .
how can i assist you ?
adorable !
are you attempting to switch devices on an active line ?
it makes us happy that you are happy . hope you have them again ! thanks for sharing .
<USER> have you tried using and alternate browser like firefox ? if that doesn 't fix it can you please dm me your name and phone # , along with a good time to call you ?
we can arrange for contact from an agent in europe for more help .
can you please follow and send me a dm with your vin and number ? thanks .
thanks for the kind words . we love hearing for our shoppers !
please message me your policy number so i can assist you .
oh no ! thanks for giving us a heads up . we ' ll make a report and get back to you .
happy friday to you <USER> !
hello user . we will contact soon you about this issue .
i apologize for the problem . if you contact customer care , we will be happy to assist you further . <NUMBERS>
i am sorry you had a poor experience . please dm phone details and someone will call to discuss .
i will assist your further . please dm the info to me . thank you .
we try our best to please every customer . message me details about the issues you 're having . i 'd love to help see if we can resolve them .
please direct message me some more information , and i 'll be happy to follow up with this .
yes , we agree !
we support you all the way .
we are just now following up on 2016 orders . we ask for your patience as we work to resolve these issues .
yay ! we 're excited you 're excited , <USER> ! ! !
thank you . give me a moment while i look into that for you .
we are sorry to hear you are not receiving our replies . our team has sent emails to assist you .
right now we do not have any in stock
i can help you get those replaced if you send me a dm .
did you know you can get a soy chorizo ? #yum
if you send me your location i can recommend someone in your area for repair .
hello <USER> , thank you for your feedback . please send a dm with your contact information so that i can look into this for you . thank you .
if you follow us , you can dm us directly and make sure you are speaking with the correct team to help you out however we can .
hi ! thanks for sharing this feedback . i will pass this along to her management .
here is a list to all of the data plans available : <URL> .
unfortunately , <USER> , no , we have no ucl fantasy league at this time . we do , however , have the epl fantasy league if you 'd like to join .
appreciated !
oh , let me check it out for you . give me a few minutes .
glad to hear that you found the fix . i 'll be sure to add that to our files in case anyone else runs into a similar issue . have a great day !
please contact us via dm so we can help with your issue
please reach out to our local customer support to discuss your disappointments . hope we can change your perspective !
parties are a great thing !
private message us your personal contact info so we can report this .
we miss you , please come back
thanks for letting me know , can i ask a few questions so we can start a trouble ticket ?
we 're very sorry to hear that ! send us a dm and we 'll take a closer look at this .
i 'm sorry that you 're having some issues . would you like to dm us and we can try and sort this out ?
tell me more about your bad service .
we would like assist you if you have any questions that you may have .
agent : we are truly sorry to here about this . you will need to contact usps and start a claim with them . after that , you will contact us back with the usps claim number . from there , we will verify the claim . once that is done , and everything checks out we will reorder your products sending you a new tracking number .
hi <USER> , thanks for the feedback ! we don 't have restocking info but we 'll let you know when we do !
when we know you will know ! thanks for the info .
thank you for letting us know . we will forward that information to the correct department .
thanks for stopping by ! glad you enjoyed it .
you can enter to win the signed suki waterhouse by entering her <URL>
ooh , fascinating stuff !
i am still not able to see a dm from you , please ensure that you are using the best buy support handle and i will gladly help look in to this matter for you .
more events will be coming , and you can enter all of those . <URL>
did you get everything you needed at your sprint store today ?
live chat with customer service for a replacement .
hi <USER> . what sort of service issues are you having ? i 'll try my best to help you !
confidence makes anything look good :)
we appreciate the positive participation . thanks again !
we let our real estate team know ! thanks .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues including your name and phone , along with details of the incident , i . e . where and when this occurred . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
we are thrilled to hear and want to throw our hat in the ring to congratulate you .
sorry this is happening . we want to help make things better . file a case here <URL> and we will do our best .
we have an office in egbeda and our rates are available on our website <URL> thanks
excellent work you did ! :)
i 'm sorry you are experiencing this issues <USER> , is there something i might be able to assist you with now , we value having you as a customer and i would like to help .
we will be sure to pass along your feedback !
thanks for stopping by
that is way too expensive , unnecassary spending
sure !
you 're more than welcome . love the look !
please dm me and we 'll try and see if there 's a way we can turn this around for you .
we are currently working on updating our website . it should be easier to make a payment in the near future .
sorry to hear you went astray , feel free to come back :)
all right . we will check on that and get back to you soon .
check your dm for the message please .
thanks for your support !
thanks for the advice . will consider your suggestions . thanks .
we can offer you a solution to any problems you have had with our service .
yes , it 's safe . is there any safety aspect in particular that you 'd like to know ?
you can visit agapet filling station
we love it ! <3
oh wow . i 'm sorry to hear you 've had such a rough experience .
i 'm sorry there 's trouble getting through ! i 'd be happy to help if you dm us .
i am sorry to hear this . could you please provide me more details in a dm so i can fix it ?
we are looking into this and we have determined that your product will ship very soon . we will provide a tracking number when it does .
going without a dryer is an inconvenience . use the form at <URL> to send us your information .
might be a while . sometimes these go on forever .
if you will contact us by phone we can send you to a dealer near you .
hello , this is april . i would be more than delighted to check on your shipment . please dm your name , delivery address , tracking & phone numbers .
not my book . i couldn 't write my way out of a paper bag .
not to worry ! king james will be back in a few days and will look better than ever !
here 's a purchase link !
sounds good . mahalo for sharing and using our service .
consider it our gift to you ! have a great day and enjoy !
pitney bowes has been a great addition to our panel .
i will still need your vin number to be able to pull up the account to find out what is going on .
we are sorry about the issues , please call us at <NUMBERS> and we can assist you further .
send us through your order number and email .
what do you mean ? explain further or dm me with more details please .
glad you enjoyed them , we recommend an msrp of 1.99 .
thank you for contacting us . do you want to cancel or place a new order ?
sorry about that , send me a dm so i can help .
we are so sorry to hear about that ! please dm us as soon as possible so we can find out what happened .
congrats ! we hope you will think us at car shopping time .
yes . just has to be paid with usd
hello , would you like any help today ?
we are so glad to hear and we are always here for you !
was everything delivered and looking good ?
we are happy we could make your day good
you will need to call the dealership directly . they can assist you .
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
dm us for instructions , we will be able to walk you through it
hello , please contact us for an exchange or a refund .
can you please tell me if the booking made in store or online ?
we 're so sorry to hear your flight was delayed ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
congrats ! how would like to go for a test drive ?
we are following you , we are working to fix some issues now !
i will be more than happy to look into for you , would you mind sending me your email so i can get back with you on this
<USER> , i am sending to a dm with my information so you can contact me going forward , how can i help today ?
thanks for your comments , we will look into it
hello i 'd like to help . send me your information and we can go from there .
jessica , please send me a dm and i 'll gladly assist you .
we are so happy to hear of your positive experience !
the code is being sent to you asap !
hope you find the perfect gift .
glad i could help , any color or design in mind ?
we 're terribly sorry about your experience . we 'll have someone get in touch with you to help you resolve the issue .
we are always excited to hear about our staff . please dm me with the details so i can pass along the praise !
we are working on it now . it should be in a short while , although we don ; t have an exact time at the moment .
can you dm us and let us know how much you 've been deducted ? thanks .
aplogize for the misunderstanding , we can help you if you dm us
i am not sure what that means . is that a new slang term ? good or bad ?
we are so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us for further assistance ?
our goal is to ensure your account is secure . please be patient as we look out for your best interests .
that 's what i 'm here to do . please go on .
we are so happy that you are happy . isn 't fauzia the best ?
we like more of that ! thanks a bunch !
to enter the sweepstakes visit <URL> .
sorry to hear that , can you please dm me your information ?
let me be the person to change that , how can i support you today ?
please send me your order info via dm and i will personally look into it . thanks
thanks and great to hear about our service team . cheers
what is the order number and address ?
oh my word ! please dm us so we can address this issue .
we 're very sorry about that <USER> . can you message us with the details in a direct message , so we can check into this matter further ?
i apologize that you got hung up on , you may call our customer service department
i 'm sorry you have been waiting so long , could you provide me with your order number ?
it 's important we find the driver responsible . what time and where on the m3 did this incident occur ?
hi ! you can find more information about that at <URL> . be sure to look for your specific country .
that was a controlled release of gas in west la . it stopped at 11:30 pm . sorry for the inconvenience .
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with your issues with repair id and phone numbers . we are happy to help .
we appreciate you
we would like to hear from you . please dm us a message along with details .
if you need contact channels alternate , please visit this <URL> .
we responded to your dm , please call us at <NUMBERS> if you need further assistance . thank you !
i am sorry that you were effected by the recent storm , i will have your info shortly , what is your address please ?
we love you too ! thanks for enjoying !
we 'll be sending communication to our members very soon - keep an eye out for it ! ;)
forgive us for the issue with the employees . we will address it asap . thanks
sorry to hear about this ! let us know how to make it right here :
maybe , maybe not .
agent : we are extremely happy that your satisfied with our product . if for any reason you need to talk with us , please don 't hesitate to contact us via email or by phone .
sure ! what 's your order number and what issues are you having ?
that is a very good point .
looking is harmless ~
thanks for your order ! yes , you can charge both , enjoy .
hi there , sorry you 're unhappy with our cart system . in order to keep our prices awesome , it 's one of the systems we keep in place . hope that makes sense !
so sorry to have this happen . send us a dm with your details and we 'll be happy to help .
whoops ! thank you for drawing our attention to this matter , very tight window indeed !
great !
could you please let me know your order number and verify the last four digits of your credit card for authorization ?
sorry to hear that . we 'll try to help out .
loud and clear ! passing this info on to the appropriate department .
sandals are warrantied for 6 months . but please reach out to customer service .
have you tried rebooting your device ?
we apologize for the late response , but the site should be working now . try logging on now and alert us if you have any more problems . thank you for your patience .
you can set up a monthly payment after you receive your first bill and call the number to set up a direct debit .
you can view locations at <URL>
happy we could help !
the website is very busy today , give it some time to update please .
sorry , are you going northbound ? there are quite a few gaps for that .
i 'll let dispatch your predicament and see what can be done . thank you for reaching out .
hi there . please contact customer service at <URL> for more info !
it 's our suggestion that you follow what guidelines are stated for oil numbers in the owner 's manual . anything else we can 't suggest .
so glad you are enjoying our product !
likely unrelated . discontinue use until your feeling better .
we are so sorry to hear about your delay ! please dm us to see about receiving compensation for the trouble .
according to our website , we do not offer rebates on nest thermostat installations .
can you give us your original order number and we 'll get to the bottom of this !
congratulations and good luck with the business . cheers
i 'm sorry but there is no way to cancel a reservation once completed online . send us a dm and we will assist you to the best of our abilities .
we require proof of purchase before providing any credit .
you do fine ! we are rooting for you !
so glad we were able to help .
so glad to hear this ! :D
i am sorry to hear this . please dm for assistance .
i 'm sorry about this . we 've had a high volume and will try our best in the future .
we 're sorry we just do not accept gift cards online , but this will be coming soon .
please give me more information about you situation .
please go ahead ! we don 't judge .
i can help you with this . please send us more info
nice score !
sounds like a hassle . let me look into the issue and i 'll let you know what 's going on .
sorry for the problem and thanks for your patience . construction problems are the issue . thanks .
thanks for the shout out !
a big shout out to @telephonedoctor . thanks so much !
hello . thank you for your interest ! the blue straps have , unfortunately , been discontinued due to low demand .
what happened <USER> ?
i 'm not sure . please email customer service for a quick response !
can you give me more information about your experience with this service ?
thanks for the info !
we are as excited as you . we will post more updates as they are known .
hi there , please send us an email and we 'll get touch .
yes . please contact us : <E-MAIL> and we 'll see if we can help you
we are excited to get to see you soon .
we should have women 's cuts availble starting at the end of june .
sorry to hear that , could you please dm us the address where you stayed and the details of your concerns ?
that 's a problem ! contact us at <E-MAIL> .
nice quotes ! thanks for sharing .
you need to contact our service department at <NUMBERS> and they will re-issue a card . the turn around time generally is 5 working days but they might be able to put a rush on the replacement .
i 'm not sure that our products would be the best objects for your specific needs . : - o but thanks for sharing !
they will exchange it with your invoice with no problems .
give me a moment while i contact the store for you .
happy to hear you have been with us so long , looking forward to more years of pleasure
this just happens with my time . if you feel there is something else , we have a warranty @ <URL>
can you send us your dm with your 16 digit starbucks card number ? <URL> .
sorry to hear about this issue . can we help get compensation for your troubles ?
we are upset that you are . could you dm us with your address and exact location and your telephone number ?
all videos are making their way onto the site . here is the link for that intro video for now !
what do you mean ? please reply back with more information
hello . i 'm sorry to hear about your frustrations . i think the people at @vmbusinesshelp may be better able to assist you .
lets do this ! please send a dm with your address to send you a solar swag .
thanks for your feedback . we 're always careful to compare costs before running a deal . i 'll go ahead and follow up with our suppliers .
really sorry the bike has been delayed , let me know the order number and i can have a look
you are on the double delight call plan . is there anything else you need help with ?
hi , hope you are having a good day , is there something that i can assist you with ?
where did you send the money ?
please verify the items numbers to better assist you .
we 're glad that you love it as much as we do .
you can find the rn number on your packing slip . thanks .
whew , what a relief and well done
i am looking up the cav 's jersey schedule for you . i will have that information in a moment .
please send a dm with further details , <USER> .
sorry to hear that <USER> ! if you could dm your order number , we 'd be happy to look into it for you .
thank you so much !
oh no ! what makes you feel this way . please shoot a us a dm and hopefully we can change your mind .
just wanted to check to see if you were still unable to browse or if the problem has been resolved .
excellent to hear ! :)
thank you for providing your information . i 'm looking into your refund now .
oh no ! i 'm sorry to hear that . please contact us and we will resolve the issue .
sounds like a fun night to us !
could we get more details on your issue ? how long has this been going on and does it just effect data or voice as well ?
it should not take that long . dm also we can resolve for next time
issues should have been resolved by now
please dm us your contact information and we will reach out directly to set you up with a gold card .
very easy , just go to our " contact us " page and you will see how to contact us with many options . we will get it to you fast .
unfortunately , i don 't personally have much say in referrals , but i patched in @payumoneycare to help us out with this one , and see if we can get everything taken care of for you .
you have come to the right place ! i 'd love to work with you and help . send us a dm !
the one i signed up for . you should have under my id
we will pass along your comments to our team .
you sure did !
very nice . if you have any questions feel free to dm us .
yes . please call us at <URL>
we use a living price system , so this means the prices can fluctuate for many reasons .
dm with your email and we will correct this .
can you please provide the dates ? we will be happy to look into this for you .
please dm your email and we will look into it asap
i agree with this .
please send me a dm with your email address , phone , and store location so i can help you . thanks .
we just added several stations in your area . where are you located ?
i would love to do all of that . i just want to take my time .
please dm us with more details so we may address the situation . we especially need your email , phone , and store location ( s ) . thank you for bring this to our attention .
tell me more about deezer , i am not familiar with this !
thank you !
that is not the experience we strive to provide . if you send us an email at <E-MAIL> we will look into this situation further .
we are so sorry about your flight experience . could you please dm us your flight and reservation numbers ?
i would be more than happy to assist you ! check your delivery and send us a pm when you get the chance .
what seems to be the challenge ?
sorry , not today . keep us updates on your journey though !
dm me with your reg so i can pass on the compliment . we appreciate your kind words . we are happy you are happy !
isn 't it wonderful ? glad you like it !
yes , we love this !
that 's awesome ! we hope you love it ! let us know what you think when you get them !
we are sorry for your unsatisfactory visit to our store . please provide any additional details so we can work on improving our services . also , dm us your address so we can provide a gift certificate for your next visit .
glad that you are happy to be joining the @freedommobile family !
we apologize and appreciate your patience . i hope they were able to help you ?
i 'm so sorry to hear about this . i 'd like to offer you a voucher for your trouble .
please reach out to our team for assistance <USER> . you can reach them at 1-800- subaru 3 or <URL> . thank you and have a great day !
honestly , i am more of a rule keeper because most rules are put in place for an important reason .
only because we have awesome customers like you .
thank you , i will look into it .
can you please dm me with the details on your account so we can aid ?
okay let me take a look and see how i can best resolve this .
i am very sorry that you are disappointed in your service . which branch did you visit ?
thanks for sharing your positive experience .
we are sorry to hear this but we do not and have never covered physical damage to any device
someone from our new customer care page @iwcare will be in touch soon .
can you provide us with more details on what went wrong ?
give us a call for emergency assistance .
please see our mobile page <URL> so that our team can assist you
hello user ! congratulations ! ! you will be thrilled to learn that hour dm won you a gift card .
good point haha . followed .
we are sorry for your inconvenience . there was a report of an emergency on that line . it should be resolved soon and the service will be reinstated .
we may be able to give you some compensation .
thanks ! we are glad you enjoy it ! dm us because you have won a free tee !
we 're glad you love the family video , and that we can provide it reasonably priced .
please contact us with any issues .
thank you for the feedback . we work hard for you !
great to hear you 're coming to see us . hope you 're having a great time .
hello . please call this direct number to report drivers behavior .
congratulations on your first child ! when we are ready to ship we will give you the head 's up
can you please dm your order number and i will be happy to look into this for you
we are so happy to see that you are satisfied
thanks for reaching out ! give customer service a call and see if they can help .
so glad he was able to help ! . dm me your details and i 'll forward this to him
hello user . if you give me a moment i can look that up for you .
not unless there is no availability . can you dm us the nights you are looking to stay ?
can you have a representative from each party contact us ?
thank you so much i am looking forward to having a great time at your place .
thank you kindly for the feedback . we are currently working on doing just that and hopefully will have a solution very soon .
bold coffee congrats you won the vintage tee ! send us a dm to claim your prize
amex us customer service 's support number is * * * , they will be happy to assist you further . thank you ! have a great day .
personally i don 't ever like them .
we are always working our best towards it .
we hate to hear we disappointed you . can you dm me more details of your stay ?
no .
sorry ! please go here <URL> for compensation
you need to get a better job ! 😉
it is an amazing ride for sure . the sound system is spectacular . :)
which keyword did you use when you sent the sms to 31118 ?
oh , i 'm sorry to hear that , <USER> . if you could find the time to contact customer service at <E-MAIL> or <NUMBERS> with your experience , they 'll do what they can to make it right .
yes we do !
hi <USER> . please dm me your contact information so i can get details of your experience .
sorry . what did you find about the burger that you did not like ?
i am sorry to hear that . they should be professional at all times
hi <USER> ! we understand ! our @lgussupport would be more than happy to assist you with this feature .
you are exactly right . @moo is bad ass . thanks for the love .
good , what else can i do to get you on your journey ?
you can call us <NUMBERS> or <E-MAIL> us so that we can hear more about your issue .
thanks for the feedback !
i am right there with you . good to chat with you !
you might be eligible for compensation . contact us .
you 're welcome !
thank you for adding us to the article .
please contact our service number to change your card .
i would love to help you with your concern . please contact me via dm with your details so i can better assist you .
thanks for the well wishes ! we couldn 't do it without you guys .
it should not take longer than 48 hrs , please check back in 24 hrs
the route has been experiencing some delays but a bus should be there very soon .
if it has been a week , please call us at <NUMBERS> so we can look into the status of your application .
we are very sorry to hear that . nikon stands behind it 's quality . please contact customer care at <NUMBERS> to resolve this and receive compensation .
sorry about that . we will follow up soon .
i am sorry , if you did not cancel in time i can 't be of service .
i am very sorry for the problem . i can help you get compensation or you can visit <URL> .
delicious !
i 'm sorry to hear that the station did not meet your needs . if you 'd care to share your thoughts here <URL> , i 'll pass it on to the team .
i apologize for causing you grief . let me try to make it up to you .
always love to hear how our products are changing lives !
we 've checked your dm and responded , let us know if you need anything further .
thank you so much ! we love getting feedback !
send us a dm and we will help
yes we do ! level 3 is also available in decaf :) )
seems to be congestion on the streets - please let us know if the bus doesn 't arrive in 10 minutes .
sorry to hear about this , can you please dm your order number so we can look into this ?
ok .
appreciate the heads up on the recording setting . cheers
sorry to hear that . can you please dm us and we will get to the bottom of this .
oh no ! please dm us so we can help you .
thank you for letting me know that .
seattle 's best coffee is a great place to relax . <URL> is a great source for online purchases or to order ahead of your visit .
sorry to hear this , can you send us a dm so we can help you further
the d4ss does not have a built in wifi capability . however you can get a add-on the wireless transmitter wt 5 that enables communication between the camera and network .
we would never judge you !
sorry for the problem . please dm me and i will have support contact you . thanks .
please check your inbox . we already replied to your dm .
thanks ! could be related to an incompatibility between your iphone and the bluetooth software , what year is your vf ?
please message me your order number so we can look into the shipping and delivery .
i am sorry to hear this . please send me a dm so we can help you .
that 's at 8 pm sharp . thanks for watching !
hello , please let me know your zipcode and i will provide you the location nearest to you !
they are playing their hearts out #oneteam
can you find your order number for me ? i 'm sure we can find out what 's going on .
let admin know your phone number that you need to register .
we 're excited as well !
could you please tell us what phone you have ?
hi there , <USER> . we are so sorry to hear you 're disappointed with our software update . please call uk customer service at <NUMBERS> .
please send a dm so we can sort this out ! :)
please send us a dm with your details so we can help you out .
sorry to hear that ! please check the website for other distributors in the area .
thank you for your support !
hmm , the tracking shows that it 's been shipped , delivered and signed for <URL> is it possible that someone else signed for this and has your package ?
oh no ! i would love to assist you on this . could you please sendme an email ( email ) so i can get this handeled
would you dm us with your email address ? we 'd love to help you
please dm us your details for assistance
as i can see in our system we have contacted you but there was no answer
we can help ! if you follow us back and shoot us a dm with your phone number and email address we will get you back on track .
looks great !
we are excited also .
thank you for your information . someone will be contacting you today .
:D
we don 't want to hear that . can you dm us with more details of what you need resolved ?
hello user . most certainly . please dm me your order number .
it 's also good for the skin !
we always love to hear from a happy customer .
sorry to hear about your experience . can i help you resolve your issue ?
morning . please refer to this link for the policy <URL>
is there something we can assist you with today ?
we currently only carry sizes up to 12 but we will make sure we pass along your suggestion to the product team .
thanks for the support #rio2016 let 's go !
this is a great story ! love it ! so glad you could share .
how many tshirts do you own overall ?
watch bands will be available in canada only through our website , not in stores .
fantastic !
oh goodness ! let us replace that , send us a dm with your email address .
i have contacted the brand for an updates .
please accept my apologies on behalf of ashley home store ! we strive for customer service and satisfaction . please contact me with details and the opportunity to resolve .
contact our comms team to receive further info on your lost bracelet .
please dm us with additional information and we will see what we can do
looking into this issue
we would be happy to assist you . please follow us so i can dm you back .
please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can help !
i 'm so sorry for the delay you experienced . please contact us directly if you have any future concerns .
hi , what can i help you with today ?
i would love to help you with this . please contact me via dm with your contact number and best time to call .
hi , may i ask what number you have been calling ?
check out this article on the downfall of blockbuster and the success of familyvideo .
thanks for the support
i am sorry she had a problem with our product please send the batch information to <E-MAIL> .
we will have you up and in service in no time . please dm your contact details .
we are so sorry for the delay . could you please provide us with your account number through a dm ?
good !
thanks so much for the shout out !
hi <USER> , thanks for going with #teamcvs . follow us so we can send messages .
thanks for your tweet ! we 'll pass your feedback along to the team !
great to see you there
thanks for coming by and the kind words .
please check your dm . we 've created a report .
certainly . please contact customer service .
thanks for letting us know ! can you please email us at <E-MAIL> with some pictures of the ocean salt ? we will look into that for you asap .
reconfigure your blackberry internet connection .
is this about the wrong address you were telling us about ? if it 's something different , please feel free to send a message .
lord of misrule and autumn leaf will be around until christmas time :)
it will be availble at the end of the month
thanks , we will talk to you there ! :)
apologies for the inconvenience ! send me a dm with your contact details , and i 'll look into the issue !
it is very exciting news ! here is more info <URL>
if you contact the mobile support team , they will be happy to help you . you can reach them at <NUMBERS> or @lgusamobile
we do not blame you , have you been on a test drive with it ?
sorry about that . re-following you , please send it again . sorry .
hello . sorry about your issues , please send us a message , so we can resolve this issue .
thanks for sending us a message . send us a dm and we 'd be happy to help .
hello ! i can look into this further . send us a dm of your information so we can help !
thanks for cheering on #aus let 's go aussies , #rio2016 <URL>
ha ! that is the best
that sounds like a great time !
oh no . sorry to hear that .
send us a dm with the order details and i can help !
congrats ! you just won ! dm us to claim your prize .
awful ! contact us so we can make it right .
way to go <USER> !
how sweet !
we 're so glad you liked it !
sorry for the miscommunication , i have taken care of this for you
hello user . may i have your account number so i may check when you are due for an upgrade ?
i was on wifi .
hi , an email should be going out shortly . sorry .
can you send us a dm so we can help resolve this .
thanks for your feedback . we will get on it right away .
hi , <USER> , your apple pay should be working . please contact us at <NUMBERS> if it isn 't , and we 'll get right on it . thanks !
hello , unfortunately this is our policy . it helps us track the rewards and most importantly , the rewards . it is required for all sales .
i 'm very sorry to hear this . please contact us at <NUMBERS> or <E-MAIL> .
a lot of us miss it too , but we 're confident our new ones will be a lot better .
i agree with you 😻 .
thank you ! we are proud of it .
please contact us at <NUMBERS> . we may be able to get you a flight at a nearby airport at no further cost .
so sorry to hear you did not get the items your ordered . can you please dm me your order number so i can assist you ?
i 'm sorry you 're having trouble . can you tell me what page you 're starting with ?
please let me help you with that . was the card registered ? please dm your information and i will try to assist you with the issue .
we appreciate the feedback and will share it with our real estate folks .
i will check to see what is available . in the mean time would you like to look at similar styles ?
oh no , that 's such a bummer . please send us a dm and we 'll help you out .
i am so sorry to hear that . please email your contact information to <E-MAIL> along with the details of the situation so that we can give you a call to get this situation taken care of asap .
seems like the date is good . run it over to a lush store so they can check it out nose and all . that is the best way to figure things out . no smell a vision here .
i 'm sorry you 're having this issue ! it has been resolved , so please try logging in again . let me know how that works for you or if you need anything else .
we sure can ! message us your info and we 'll make it happen .
that should not happen , please tell me more so i can let the warehouse know .
that is a very cute dog !
send us a dm with your email , phone , store location , and we will help you out . thanks a lot .
i 'll be happy to help . just send a message with details and i 'll make this work for you .
we can do that for ya ! please dm us your address
hello , i am sorry to hear of the difficulty you are experiencing , please dm your name , delivery address , tracking & phone numbers so i can further assist you . <URL>
dm us so we can look into this more .
hello if you dm me with your specific issues i will see how best to help you .
we will get back to you shortly .
this is not what we like to hear . so sorry ! please reach us at 1.800.454.3509 or by email <E-MAIL> and we will do our best to make this better .
that was a killer shot !
thanks , couldn 't have done it without you !
thank you so much for the compliments . they fall on grateful ears .
the spacing of the route is off . where is the warden ?
awesome , we had a great time on our end !
thanks for bing a great customer .
hey good lookin ' !
i apologize . no one wants to make their commute longer than necessary . unfortunately we are having technical issues our technicians are working on . we expect they will be resolved soon .
what seems to be the problem ? we want to help you .
that is correct . enjoy your phone .
thanks so much for the kind words !
youre very welcome ! we 'd love to see pics !
yes , that 's right ! can 't wait to see you !
sorry to hear you are having a tough time with this . please dm your information so we can further assist you ?
thank you for providing your email . i will check with customer service on the status of your order .
hold on and let me check to see what else can be done .
no problem . hope you enjoy !
our email address can be found here <URL>
let us help you get compensation for this inconvenience . give us a call at <NUMBERS> .
there is unfortunately not .
this doesn 't come with our package so you will need to source it independently .
welsome on board
can you be bothered to dm me your information ? it would be ever so helpful in helping us help you .
very sorry to hear about the break down ! i will notify a technician immediately , can you please dm me your reg ?
we appreciate the support !
can you please send in your order number ? i will check on it .
can you dm your order number please ?
thanks . i would love to pass this along to our store relations team , would you dm with additional information ?
happy to hear it <USER> !
what can we do to make it better ?
can you follow us so we can dm you with updates !
you can contact the technical support department at <NUMBERS> for assistance .
this is something we are currently looking into and will announce when it is up and running .
thanks for your business ! =]
thanks for the feedback !
we love that ! thanks for the chuckle .
glad you like it .
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
good for you . we look forward to seeing you .
im sorry to hear that . dm details and i will try to remedy the situation to your liking as soon as possible .
we are doing a meter installation program to mitigate this .
we are always looking for ways to improve our network . may i ask the specifics of the issues you are having ?
oh no this isn 't good . i would love to make this up to you . do you mind sending me an email ( email )
orders before 03/24 have been cancelled . for a refund , go to <URL>
hello , you can call 550 and talk to an agent for further assistance .
sorry for the inconvenience , please provide additional information so we can work on a solution .
check out this link to see if this is better news for you <URL>
we are working harder than ever to improve our network , if you need help troubleshooting a problem , please reach out .
congrats ! if you need insurance , let us know :)
thanks <USER> look for our support team to respond soon .
there is a possibility you can go to the service center but let me gather more info , give me a moment
can you please dm us with your email address and we can look into this .
let me know if you are interested in a test drive .
we want to make this right . please file a case here :
sorry for the problem . please send me your contact info for a refund . thanks
really want for you to get your face moisturized asap . if you dm me the info on the order i can try and figure out what 's up .
restart your phone and try again .
getting back to moo , that 's awesome !
please send us your account information so we can look into what the delay is .
here 's the link ! <URL>
i think you sent that to me by accident , when will i get the card by ?
hi <USER> , so sorry for the trouble you experienced . please dm us with your account details and what you were trying to order so we can look into your issue .
here are the numbers of our various locations <URL> , good luck !
please dm us with your e-mail so we can help .
we are currently having site construction to improve .
awesome . we hope you have a great day .
yes our smartphone bundle is still available for unlimited use .
we hope to be able to get you compensation for your flight troubles .
i 'm sorry you are having trouble . what is your account information ? i will try to find out what is going on .
we just checked in and they 're working on your case now !
we are working on bringing up service asap !
we would be more than happy to look into that for you . please contact us at <URL> and we 'll get this sorted for you .
i 'm sorry to hear that <USER> ! please tell us about it at <URL>
dm me the order details and i will look into this for you .
that is amazing . thanks .
sorry to hear about that , please let us help you on that matter , please dm us account details .
can we help you with any specific issue ?
we are open today
we 're so sorry , but it 's sold out ! :( we don 't have any details about when it will be back in stock .
i 'm sorry for the delay . i assure you the rest of the flight will make up for it .
so sorry about this <USER> , thanks for letting us know . unfortunately this sometimes happens in busy traffic . supervisors are working to address .
i 'm glad you 're excited !
hello , please dm your address , name , and contact information . i will look into this for you .
we have no current updates , but stay tuned !
send us a dm to see if we can work something out :)
we are so glad we could help !
thank you we will in just a second !
dm you order info so i can look into the issue .
we will send a dm once we figure it out .
happy shopping <USER> ! don 't forget to pay with #payumoney to get the offer !
sorry you had a bad experience . please dm your concerns and we will try to help .
hi , we are sorry to hear this , you are not supposed to wait this long . i will pass this along to the proper channels .
very well . we shall work to overcome this deficiency .
awesome ! we 'd love to give her a birthday lanyard to commemorate the occasion . stop by guest services at section 100 and tell them we sent you !
they are still around .
we are glad that you are able to get the speed you need .
riverline will be running as scheduled and then it will be by the load-and-go after the concert ends .
great to hear ! what movie did you get ?
details are at @cavswgunited , also at <URL> or <NUMBERS>
can you dm me the details and i will look into it for you .
yes it sure does , it is very flexible .
you can visit <URL> to change over to a new device with the current sim .
i will check into it for you and have one of our customer service reps get in touch with you about your problem .
thanks for that input , <USER> ! not a bad idea at all !
hi there , we 'll contact you as soon as it 's out !
i 'd be happy to help her . please have her direct message us here or call ( xxx ) xxx-xxx
i can try to help you , but i may not have as much information as they do at that number . let me look at your message and i 'll try to see .
short delays do not get reported on the notices .
i 'm sorry you are disappointed , <USER> . what seems to be the problem ?
please dm us your account number , address and and phone number and we can see if it will be delivered today or not . thanks
hi sharon , try with the application , if the problem continues , write me
not the best start to your day , sounds like . sorry about that .
if you dm us a screenshot we can sort that out for you .
we have just updated so maybe this will fix the issues at hand
thank you for the information and how this affects everyone .
we appreciate your feedback
that 's a great idea . i will pass it on to our technical department .
ok , i have refreshed the network , let me know what happens after a restart .
we don 't sell , rent , or service water heaters . please visit this <URL> about safety .
we are sorry she didn 't do enough for your experience , please dm us for a free rental .
i apologize for the inconvenience . please dm me your contact information and i 'll assist you .
thank you for the wonderful shout out
what a great halloween costume idea !
hi , that does not sound good . have you tried your password link ?
we are really sorry this is going on . today we had a couple scheduled runs not going because of operators not at their scheduled shifts . our apologies again for the situation .
glad you liked it !
nothing beats fresh coffee in the morning , hope you enjoy it .
i have openin up an investigation myself or someone else will be contacting you further , what is your number ?
omelet with the works ? looks yummy and healthy .
our service is that fast !
it will depend on your usage .
they should count . dm us with the offer details and i can help you .
thank you for the feedback , we have sent it to the team
awesome pic . looks like some good coffee !
so happy to hear this ! please send a dm to claim your prize ~
if you dm us we can help figure this out for you .
sure you can contact us at <E-MAIL> thanks
those are great arent they !
do you have a reference number ?
dm sent , sorry to hear you are having trouble .
yes , by email .
we want to make sure the cancellation is secure . that 's all . but thanks for the compliment .
if you visit <URL> we can walk you through the process . thanks for your interest !
glad it 's working now . you don 't need to send a dm , but if you have any more problems with the movie please let us know .
thank you very much for the compliment . enjoy that fast charging !
our infrastructure is vastly improving things are getting better
thanks , we just replied .
sorry about that . send me a dm with your contact info , store location and i 'll take of the problem for you
i am sorry to hear that you are having connectivity issues . please send a dm with your information and i will gladly help look in to this for you .
hello . what email address did you send your issue to ? i will find it right now so we can respond asap .
sounds like a wonderful idea . have a great day !
thank you for contacting us . if you dm me your contact ifo i would be happy to help . <URL>
yes , the order number is on the paper and should begin with a 9 . can i email you ?
thanks . we will share your comments with our customer service team .
vintage levi 's is what they are i believe , we love them too !
we made a quick adjustment to make it easy to display home and away . this doesn 't affect your service .
can you send me your flight number please ?
there is no way to do that you will need a clip
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
be sure to send a request via the customer service email , as well . thanks for your patience !
dm info so i can look into the matter further .
can you please call us at <NUMBERS> and we help resolve this with you ?
cam you can send us a dm so we can provide further info on the apple watch 3 .
thanks for sharing !
so sorry this happened ! please message us so we can get an update on this .
sorry to hear that <USER> . please dm me your complaint and i will pass it along .
we do not currently deliver there sorry :(
i think you will enjoy them as well as your sisters .
please dm me your information so i can check on it for you .
try to uninstall and the reboot . after the reinstall the app . i hope this helps .
we 're sorry to hear that . we sometimes replace some of our styles with new ones , but we have some really similar items you might enjoy !
thank you , <USER> ; i 'll look into the matter and get back to you shortly .
send a note to the station management about this .
please contact our customer service department so that they can check into the issue . <URL>
i 'm sorry to hear that . dm me your contact info and i 'll do my best to help you .
that 's great . we like them too .
we love to hear when customers are satisfied with our service . please continue to do business with us !
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can resolve this !
please dm me for further info ! thank you .
no traffic or delays are seen on king .
can you tell me which venue are you hoping to attend ?
we also sell in asda and sainsbury . stock locator <URL>
pleaese send us your shipping address to <E-MAIL> and i 'll see if i can find a solution .
we do not currently have a midnight release scheduled . but keep following for the latest information on our website at <URL>
both are on the same night .
check our website for more info or you can pm me !
i 'm very sorry to hear you 're dissatisfied with the service , <USER> . please dm with your information and contact details , including the vin , so that we can assist you .
great , <USER> , just send us a dm so we can respond with the list , it 's too big to put in a tweet .
we 're sorry to hear that , can you please send us the store location and we will talk to the management there .
that email adress might be wrong , can you verify what adress you sent it to ?
we are thrilled to hear your joyous news !
i 'm sorry to say there is not a plaza premium lounge in sfo . what amex card are you travelling with ?
there are no ways to avoid the work as there are festivals and events every weekend . i will pass your concerns on .
i understand please give me a moment so i can look into this
greetings , we regret the inconvenience , i hope this time to help you , check your email in spam , maybe our answer is there , write me if it was not a successful result
please email us at <E-MAIL> .
keep your eyes peeled ! we 're excited , too .
hello ! as with most offers , it cannot be combined with vouchers and coupons . thank you for shopping with us !
so sorry to hear about this experience ! please contact us at <NUMBERS> to report .
you have to be prompt and thorough
of course i will help how ever i can , please give me more details .
to activate it just dial 500
can you dm us for more information ?
is there anything else i can help you with ? if you have a minute , please fill out our service survey .
we are sorry to hear about this , please send us your flight number and can get you compensation for all your troubles .
we appreciate your feedback !
sounds like a plan . have a good day .
oh no . please let us know what is going on and we will try to help .
<USER> we are still looking into this . i suggest clearing browsing history and trying again .
thanks for the heads up !
here 's the link right here <URL> ! click on front of the link and pay with amex . enjoy !
sorry about that . please tell how we can assist you .
your feedback has been forwarded .
thank you and glad you enjoyed .
please let me know if there is anything else i can do to help . don 't hesitate to contact us again . thank you ! !
yes , please call us at your convenience .
we are sorry for the unsatisfactory visit . we 'd like to remedy the situation if you will let us . please send a dm with your contact information .
i am able and ready when you are . please advise and contact me . thanks
did you try completely shutting down your phone for five minutes and then restarting it ?
soon ! stay tuned to @cavs for an update this month .
which country are you in ?
you 're welcome ! let me know if i can be of any further assistance .
hi <USER> , please dm us your reg so we can look into this for you .
oh no ! unfortunately cameras dont swim . please dm your question and we will be happy to help
hi , we love your creativity with our products . can you dm us and let us know how we can assist you further ?
we will get back to you by the end of the day .
what do you need help with ?
thanks for supporting the team . <URL>
do you need help with anything ? items not to your satisfaction can be returned to the store for a full refund . no questions asked .
the restocking data is not available yet . sorry for any inconvenience .
we are not selling ours <USER> ! you can go out and find the natural canvas classics on your own like we did !
you can opt in at the store to receive a digital receipt .
glad to hear it worked out . :)
allow me one moment to search by the date thank you for your patience .
check your dm so we can further assist . thanks !
sorry to hear you weren 't satisfied . please dm us so we can compensate you .
i am truly sorry we haven 't been meeting your needs . please tell me what i can do to make sure you are satisfied .
unfortunately both heat and air activates at the same time
thank you for the feedback . please send us a direct message so we can look into this further .
that was our mistake ! we have just added it for you ! we hope you enjoy !
thank you the info
i know i completely see your point .
please let me know if i can help further !
we are currently performing maintenance work .
thank you for picking sprint . have a nice day .
i completely understand how you feel , i 've been in the same boat of looking for a job relentlessly .
they have wonderful stuff !
<USER> by ordering today you should receive the clip in february . you can find more info at <URL> . thanks for your interest !
i am sorry to hear this . i am bringing in our @vmbusinesshelp colleagues to further assist you .
i 'd be happy to assist you !
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help straighten this out for you .
i am sorry to hear you are having issues . please call for further assistance
i have passed this info to the design team
i 'm so sorry to hear this ! what is the problem exactly ?
we are excited to hear this ! which ones are your favorites ?
your issues have been reported . you can check your email for more details .
amen to that ! ! thank so much for your support ! :)
all orders including international ones
thhey control the electricity and natural gas . we do supply natural gas .
hello jimmy . our new customer care page has recently been launched . go to <URL> and a member will be happy to help .
thank you for the lexus love !
no they are the same weight . sorry for the confusion but please leave us feedback when they arrive .
if you could please send me a dm with your order number and billing address i will look into where it is . thank you !
we look forward to having you join our company . please check back for updated details
we are sorry to hear about your experience . we 'll send you another reply today .
we 're very sorry for the delay . if you dm me your full name and the location of the dealership you 're working with , i can send your issue to a customer service supervisor who can assist you .
may i have your phone number so that i can look into this case more ? i 'm very sorry for the inconvenience !
we do not have restocking info here , but will share with our team ! thank you
but it 's sunny ! it 'll look great .
thanks for telling us !
keep in mind for next time . you can get our coffee at the grocery store and brew it at home . that way you never have to miss out .
hey <USER> ! could you please dm us with your feedback and email address ? we 'd love to share it with the team , thank you !
this is an issue with gluten free bread but we have been working on fixing the issue .
we have lots more chicken that you will love !
on behalf of fedex please accept my apologies for any inconvenience or difficulties accessing the website . please respond with contact information to resolve any issue .
i will be happy to look into this right now so we can get it resolved
hello , <USER> , we 're sorry you 're experiencing this delay . please send a dm so we can assist you .
i am sorry to here this please send a dm so we can fix this issue for you .
i 'm sorry to hear that our service has caused you unhappiness
sorry to hear that , you can call us at <NUMBERS> .
thanks !
i am sorry you feel this way . we always want to hear your feedback .
it doesn 't happen often , but it can . there 's more info here : <URL>
what is not working ?
you are so welcome . safe travels .
yes , you can go to any holden dealership in vic and they should be able to take care of you . i 've included this link to find dealers in your state .
were you able to figure it out ? if not , contact us at <E-MAIL> .
yes , , please feel free to return in store as soon as possible so we can get it looked at and issue you a refund .
we will pass this along to our merch team .
so sorry ! please dm your tracking # !
we 're happy to have you here .
sorry for the inconvenience . due to technical and mechanical issues , we cannot take off until the plane is confirmed ready to takeoff .
we are here to help you !
sorry that you have to go through this . if you could send us some more information we can help you .
we have made a small change to simplify the display , sorry for the confusion !
it 's going well ! we 'll be able to update with more information when it gets closer to being completed !
i am sorry you had such a negative experience . please look for a dm from us to help turn this around for you .
i 'm sorry for the issues you are experiencing .
okay , no problem i will adjust your account and ship . thanks
i am sorry you are having a bad experience . send us a dm to let us know how to help .
we apologize for your delay and for your wait .
that would be amazing !
the best course of action is to contact the store for the latest information .
if you send me a dm with your contact info and tracking i will look into this for you .
that looks like a great time !
you 're so welcome !
i am so sorry . can you please dm us with the store location and your contact info
we 're so sorry about this . send our team a message and they will be in touch .
we are on it thanks to you <USER>
we have delays but are working on restoring service
how about a new laptop ?
thank you for your support and enthusiasm 💪 🏾 !
no , not really . but let us know what you decide to do . customer service is always our priority .
hi <USER> we unfortunately do not ship to denmark , but you can find a store near you using <URL>
hi , <USER> , sorry about that . i 've now followed you . thanks for your patience .
hi there , so sorry if there was a mistake in our info ! i 'll pass it along and make sure it gets double checked .
sorry this happened to you , please contact us through dm and we 'll do our best to resolve the issue .
oh no ! we 'd hate to lose you . please contact customer service at <E-MAIL> to be assisted .
that 's no good . can you shoot us a dm with more info ?
we want to help you resolve this , please get in touch with us
we are so sorry for your horrible experience , please direct message us your telephone number so a manager can make this right for you .
great , if you need anything else , please contact us again .
we love the shoutouts ! :)
sorry to hear this . please allow me to address your concern
thank you for the kind remarks ! we 're delighted that we were able to resolve the issue for you .
this is awesome , we will be celebrating with you <USER> .
long haul flights have board entertainment .
give us a dm so we can help you out !
hi <USER> . so sorry to hear about this . we know it can be frustrating . can you pm us your details ?
hello , it 's a pleasure for us to enjoy your redbox , thank you for your opinion !
we love having you for a customer !
we thank you dad for his hard work . enjoy your day !
i 'm very happy that your wine cooler replacement came already !
i know , right ?
please dm me your info and i 'll be happy to help !
i am sorry to hear about your less than stellar experience with our coverage . can you please message me your account / phone number and exactly what you experienced so i can look into it ?
we 're so sorry to hear about this issue . can you send us an email ?
i apologize sincerely for that , and understand your frustration completely . i will be happy to assist you immediately if you dm me your phone number .
hello <USER> , sorry to hear that you are having difficulties using your voucher , could you please dm your details so i may be of further assistance , thank you .
requests noted ! :)
sorry that this has happened . dm me with your number so that i can have someone get in contact with you to correct the situation .
sorry ! we are experiencing technical difficulties . our site should be up soon .
thanks for cheering on #aus .
we apologize for the delay . please email us or send a dm and we will be happy to help you .
allow me to assist you this evening . timely delivery is important to us .
looking forward to your entry .
details on tickets will be available soon . keep up with @cavs for the latest .
awesome ! thank you for sharing with us !
that 's a blast from the past .
oh my . how can we assist you ?
thank you and i will be sure to pass along your feedback .
please forward me the message , if it is from us i will unsubscribe you .
the bands are exactly as shown on our website .
i am sorry for this . email for an update <E-MAIL>
thanks for the support friend ! cheers !
we are happy you are looking forward as much we are to the opening . it should be sometime in the fall of 2017 .
sorry to hear that . let 's get it sorted it right now . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
if you 're on a computer it should be at the top !
<USER> it 's like picking a favorite child ! but what do you think about the latest album ?
can you please tell me what train you 're on ?
yes , this has happened before , don 't worry . we have some user spec manuals available online here <URL> and you can also call our tech department at 1-800-161-5101 .
hi <USER> sorry to hear this , is there something specific i can help you with
not yet ! :: )
your welcome ! have a blessed day !
what a great shot
they are 100 % safe as long as the base oils aren 't too strong .
hi <USER> , you are more than welcome ! we will be here to help anytime so dm anytime you need anything .
please dm as we will try to look into it
we will be in touch with you soon .
before we have to get to that , i 'd be happy to look into what 's going on . could you send me the details of your order ?
the document is environmentally friendly at least , a bunch of recycled bad policies .
thanks for sharing your positive experience <USER> . glad we could help .
enjoy !
<USER> stay tuned for more details late summer !
that 's right , this beauty is the whole package !
i see all your information , thank you . your shipment is on its way and will be arriving shortly . let us know if we can do anything else for you .
please send me a message so i can look into this for you
thank you for your support , it never goes unnoticed .
i 'm sorry for any problem you are experiencing . please send us a dm with details and we 'll look into it .
please dm us your order number and contact info . we 'll look into it asap
agent : we have some products that will help you create networks that are affordable , easy to use , tech support available 24/7 .
dm us and we can do it for you
please give me the complaint number and i can look into this
they will be in stock in about two weeks . thanks
thank you !
the tracking information for your order .
is store credit able to be used towards tuition ?
we are so sorry to hear that . please dm me you <NUMBERS> so i can give you a call .
did you report it to the local store manager ?
we are sorry to hear that ! please send a dm so we can make it right .
contact the mobile team about this @igusamobile .
very nice pics , we love when you show it off !
thank you for your support .
sorry you are having problems . please send me your contact info so i can be of help . thanks
i apologize , but the items you ordered were not in stock and the balance has been refunded .
send us a dm include your zip code and nearest cross streets
#supergalove
yes it is .
you can do as you please with the time in between
hi , thanks , for us it is important , your evaluation , greetings
please send your order details to me and i will investigate the issue . we want our customers happy !
we have been bombarded by phone calls , sorry can you please try again ?
interesting point . it 's true that a business can 't be christian , but can 't a christian run a business however they want ?
i sent you a direct message with all the info i have on the subject . it should be in your inbox now . i hope this helps .
we can be addictive like that , thank you for your business , hope you had fun .
goodluck
thank you for getting in touch with us , we don 't want you to be frustrated at all ! please send us a message with the account number that 's on your estimate and the store location you 'll be using , and we will get this straightened out .
please call <NUMBERS> for assistance with that issue
hello , <USER> we would really like to help resolve your issue . please dm us !
great ! come by and check us out @purelycosmetics and @tobetterskin booth !
hey <USER> , we got your dm and replied , thanks !
<USER> we think they are excellent if we do say so ourselves . we appreciate your review !
we are sorry you 're dealing with this . can you dm us so we can help you immediately .
send us a dm if anything changes .
if this is an ongoing issue please send us a dm with your address , contact number & name . thanks .
quite sad to hear about this , can you tell us whether images on other apps are showing ?
redbox only offers trailers of the films we offer . hope that helps . :)
thank you , w try to be our best at customer service
try hard and do your best !
dm 's have been checked and we have responded
please give me the chance to discuss your personal situation so we can see how we can better serve you .
hi <USER> , it 's going to be released sometime in december .
let me look into that for you ! we are very sorry for the wait !
please update us on any other issues . we are here to help .
not all the codes are valid , let us know which one you are using
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
hi , can you send us an email with more details . thank you .
you credit is in place for the entire amount , thank you for your understanding .
please dm me your number and i 'll have someone call you directly to resolve this . sorry for the inconvenience .
hi <USER> ! thanks for bringing this to our attention ! could you give us a little more info ?
hi there , please see your dm 's for our reply
that 's not good to hear ! give us a call at the number provided , and we 'll be able to assist you further !
thanks , we appreciate it !
we agree about the pacers ! what is your tracking number so i can take a look for you ?
i 'm not certain but i will look into it for you .
we 're sorry to hear of your experience . please send an email at <E-MAIL> so that we can address your dissatisfaction .
i 'm sorry to hear that . go to <URL> for more assistance
we will send you to out customer service team for more help .
it may not be a website issue , might be our servers , we are looking into this
i can see the your first order was dispatched on 03/12 , and your second was on 05/12 ,
show us what you got !
i understand your frustration . perhaps i can help you to more easily obtain out fine products in the future 👄 .
hello . journey 's is an authorized dealer . you can also shop online <URL> for immediate service .
i have forwarded you feedback . thanks !
i am sorry to hear that . please dm so we can assist .
we are happy for you !
i 'm sorry we have let you down . please dm in more detail and i will try to help .
thanks for sharing the love .
great , thank you . we 've contacted them and you should be good to go . very sorry for the confusion and thanks for letting us know .
thank you for letting us know about the dissatisfaction with the design
i certainly hope not . please dm details so we can get to the bottom of the issue .
that is good news ! ! i hope everything works at well with that .
please send a dm with your email so we can take care of it manually .
we do care and apologize for letting it slip through the cracks . could you please send this form <URL> and we will address the issue .
glad we could help you !
you can find more information here <URL> .
our system should have generated an email with the tracking info on it . i will dm you the info sorry for the inconvenience . thanks for the compliment . you are awesome too !
unfortunately saturday delivery is not offered at this time . monday would be the quickest we can get them to you . apologies !
you should be able to sit in your assigned seat . i realize this is done but we would like to ensure it doesn 't happen again and that you will be coming back to us !
we don 't want you to feel that way . what specific issues are you experiencing ?
we will have to reset your phone .
thanks for coming in .
hello . if you want to get a call routed the rep will answer whoever is next in queue .
that would be a super idea and thank you .
hello <USER> , can you please provide the order number and issu so i might be of further assistance .
please review our warranty instructions .
hi , thnaks for letting us know about this problem , i will get this over to the right department so it can be taking care of
we are terribly sorry to hear about this ! please give us a call as soon as possible at our corporate office so that we can figure out what happened . 1-800-446-1589
let me help you with this . dm me with your policy information .
yes please , the phone should be purchased from a office of ours and then you 'll be able to activate the data package .
hi <USER> ! we have sent you a dm . please check it and revert . thanks !
hello <USER> . sorry for the confusion . is there anything i can do to help .
thank you , we love the great feedback .
oh my word !
we will be sure and look into it and make any changes necessary .
all of our nkrumah heads are currently out on the market . there 's definitely hope !
thanks for the shout out ! hope you are having a great day .
this is hard to hear . we are working to fix this asap .
awesome ! can 't wait .
oh no . can you provide us through dm your account number and we 'll look into what happened ?
as long as you are within 14 days you can , what was wrong with the item ?
can you please dm @fedexhelp with your contact info ( name , address , phone number , tracking ) so we can investigate this ?
hello ! this package is on it 's way to you . you can track it here <URL> .
glad you are enjoying it !
i 'm sorry , bill ; i never meant to lead you on . i 'm married .
this is awful to hear . please send a dm with more details .
sorry to hear about your experience , please dm or email us at <E-MAIL>
hi my name is rebecca . we are looking into your package and will provide you with an update very soon .
we are glad you like it !
good night , you will feel better in the morning .
we don 't want that to happen ! i hope savannah can search our catalog and find a style that suits her .
there might be a server issue , we can look into this for you
we apologize , can you fill out our feedback form so we can have more information <URL> , thanks !
so glad you like them . thanks .
thank you so much , we will see if we can 't get you a reply .
sounds like fun . enjoy !
there is and you can enter through <URL> . good luck !
we agree that this is concerning ! please send us a dm so that we can further assist you .
why don 't you go to nyc and get a pair !
sorry for your experience , yes our techniques can help many , thanks for the feedback .
i would love to know this story :)
could you dm us the particulars of the reservation and we 'll see if we can amend that for you ?
sorry for the frustration , please dm the issue # and we will set as high priority .
thanks for the details . we will contact you shortly .
the formula is correct , but may have changed slightly since the last time you ordered .
that 's not something we like like to hear , email us and we can make it right alex @familyvideo . com
i will need the order number to investigate
i would love to help you with this , please send a dm with more information .
please check the tracking information that i have sent for the missing items .
we appreciate the feedback
may we suggest checking out our sneaker line ? they have similar comfort as the cordones .
thanks for making it out , we love the support , glad you enjoyed it !
here is a link to our current promotions ! please chek it out .
they are pretty awesome . glad he was able to help out .
that is a goal a game . great numbers .
they are able to enter too . <URL>
this will be added in the next major update !
its is a perfect day , nothing planned .
we just received it and will reply shortly !
could you please email us again at <E-MAIL> and i will get back to you ?
please message us so we can help rectify your problem .
well this isn 't right ! i would love to get this taken care of ! what is the city / state please
i apologize for the inconvenience . i have notified our repair team and they are working on fixing this .
we are so sorry . please call customer service so we can further assist you .
you can return the set to the local store near you for an exchange or if you send me a dm i can give you the return address .
yes , they are allowed but they must be checked at security .
ok ! glad to have you aboard .
thank you for your support ! let 's go aussies !
please send a dm to @vmbusinesshelp so the issue can be addressed .
thanks for contacting us , what specific question do you have about the super 4k hd tv ?
we want inter connectivity for everyone .
provide the ntel number and location so we can look into this .
i 'm sorry to hear that , we will look into the issue
if you go into best buy they should be able to look up your receipt through your member rewards account !
please check your email ! :)
thanks for contacting us . send us your dm and where did you purchase your toms from ?
let us know how it works out !
that 's what we like to hear , <USER> ! glad you 're part of our team .
i 'm not sure what you are asking . how can i assist you today ?
i 'm sending this case over to our tech team . the mobile site should work better in the meantime .
see if this site will work for you . <URL>
this product is temporarily unavailable but will be back soon .
i 'm sorry , what exactly is the issue with your new washer / dryer ?
glad to hear it ! how do you like your coffee ?
i agree completely ! what did you order ?
please dm us so we can help resolve this .
yes please dm us if you 're having issues .
we appreciate your support !
we 'll sort that as soon as possible .
don 't worry . i can look it up by phone #
please call <NUMBERS> for assistance with that issue for your location
beautiful !
thank you so much . let us know if there 's anything else we can do .
our team is not available right now , but we will have someone answer you first thing in the am
sorry to hear that , please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can take care of the issue .
you would best be served by calling <NUMBERS> to request an alternate routing .
sounds like a great night .
please visit the website and click on order status .
we talked with you on 31/08 / 2017 and would like an update if everything is fine .
we 're glad you think it 's delicious !
we 're going to look into it
sorry , no , this is not a ticketmaster event . thanks for thinking of us !
we can help if you message us .
i do apologize for this inconvenience . please dm me so that i may promptly assist you .
thanks for the feedback <USER> . have a great day .
would you please dm me with your acct # and email and i will have someone get with you right away so that we can take care of this for you .
what a great milestone to reach in your lexus .
there is no way to add that at the moment , we apologize
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to look into this for you .
sorry you are experiencing this . i made sure to send this tweet to the team that can handle this !
hi <USER> yes , this is real
i want to help in this matter . please send a description of encounters you have had , including all relevant information .
i apologize but we do not have an in-kind donation program . sorry .
no problem !
could you please try reinstalling the app and then let us know if you still experience these problems ?
sorry to hear this , dm us your account information and we 'll work on getting you your refund as fast as possible .
that will be option 5
sorry , text tfsstop to 83080
hi , <USER> , that 's no good ! if you would follow and dm me , i 'd like to investigate this for you . thanks .
but of course ! we look forward to hearing from you .
we will contact you as soon as it goes back in stock .
please send the details to <E-MAIL> . thanks !
here 's a link to suggest any titles you 'd like to see on netflix ! :)
