please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can take care of it !
beautiful shots !
welcome !
just to text that number to see if you receive a suitable response .
thanks for the feedback
hello <USER> is this still an issue ? if so please send me a dm with all the info about the package , name , address , etc and we will do our best to help .
you can , but i would be happy to resolve it online .
hi there we are sorry about the price confusion . can you please send us a message and tell us which specific excursion you are looking at ?
we are expecting new shipments from @adidas in september , until then , there are limited quantities available in stores .
we want to help you , best way is local customer support here <URL> hope we can get this figured out for you !
this is pam . i would like to check on your shipment . if you could send me your name , address , tracking , and phone number , we can work to resolve this .
we 're so sorry to miss you , but jet lag is a killer ! we 're checking into our room and crashing :(
looking at the schedule it looks like ariana grande is going on at 9 .
we currently do not have any shoes at a size 10 , but we will let you know when we do .
this is so true
one of our very favorite pants ! so happy you like them <USER> <3 <3 <3
please visit use at <URL> . you may be eligible for compensation and we want to help you !
yes , here is my information , thank you .
we included youtube to prepaid customers now ! check your phone to see if it works .
thank you for your kind words !
what time can we call you ?
so sorry you had to wait for so long . did you end up getting the help you needed ? we are here now if so just dm your account email and we will be on it .
what is your model your number , so we can fix this .
great . i 'm glad that we were able to help you solve your problem . is there anything else we can help you with today ?
new cards are always fun right ? so glad you are liking them
let me look into this for you . send me a dm with your vin number and contact information .
thank you for alerting us-we will investigate
it should arrive this week sometime !
the rewards program details are here <URL> .
there is compensation for the delayed passengers
that 's awesome ! remember to submit your redbox pic to enter our sweepstakes !
hi <USER> , call this number and we can help you further !
our service levels are normal , i apologize for the delay , i am happy to warm transfer you to a rep .
any store will be happy to help you out
tell us more , <USER> , which goodies were your favorites ?
looks like such a beautiful time .
valid accounts
oh , no ! we just want you to stay optimistic for the future !
thank you for sharing this powerful moment from the #britawards ! #madonnaatthebrits
you 're very welcome ! it 's our pleasure to help you .
hello <USER> please click this link to file a refund request <URL>
hello , can you send us a dm so we can assist you further ?
that 's awesome ! congratulations <USER> !
so sorry to hear about the wait on the phones . please dm me you logmein id and i will do my best to help .
the network is currently under maintenance . more updates with be posted later
sounds amazing . we might have to try it too !
happy to see you enjoyed it ! hopefully we can accompany you on more adventures soon !
these are just estimates .
i am currently responding to your worries , check your email shortly
:) thanks , you too !
we 'd like to understand more about the issue that you 're having . could you call us at <NUMBERS> for some help troubleshooting the problem .
cool ! and no tickets , to boot ?
is there something i can help you with . are you having service issues ? thanks
so happy you 're in the neighborhood ! coffee looks great - two creams , three sugars ? :)
i 'm sorry sir that your trip was cancelled . let me take a look for you and see what i can find out ! can you give me just a few moments to look this up for you ?
can you please rephrase that
awww that is just too cute !
we will be happy to assist you with this .
good . glad the deposit is showing up now . anything else i can help you with ?
sorry about that ! try this one instead : <E-MAIL>
you can send us an email here ( email ) or a dm here on twitter and we will be happy to assist you
we have awesome customers like you !
believe ! he will get hot again .
they sure do ! we love them and we wish you all the best !
we 've got great news , crossland is now available !
we love it there as well !
we are happy to read that ! you are very welcome !
we want to try to get you compensated for your delay . for more information , visit <URL> .
hello , this may be a technical issue with the phone . please dm us your contact information for a replacement .
we usually reply within 24-48 hours
please follow the link below for our trip planner ! <URL>
i love that !
oh did not realy know that
i apologize that you 've had to wait so long about this issue . you can expect one of our representatives to keep in touch with you .
we do not solicit door to door . please dm us your location so we can notify local officials .
hope you are able to get beautiful shots in todays weather .
haha , that one of all movies ?
dm me your information and i will send you a new one !
hi user . please dm us so that we can further assist you with these issues .
hope you keep it up !
hi ! what can we assist you with today ? happy to help if you provide your tracking number and info !
yes , we answered your question regarding the fiber via a dm message , did you receive it ?
we are very sorry to hear this , dm us all the information so we can help you .
why don 't the same rules apply to all sports ?
thanks for your feedback !
hello <USER> , i am sorry you are experiencing difficulty . please provide your account information and a brief description of your issue via dm so our customer support team may assist you as quickly as possible .
we would like to maker this right with you . please dm us to discuss how we can make your future stays better .
hi <USER> ! unfortunately , we don 't offer that type of plug , but please check out <URL> to see if anything fits your needs !
we do not have any lanyatds at this time . you can check back at a later date to see if we have any in stock .
oh no , what size do you need ? note we have the silver crochet glitter classics in all sizes !
hi <USER> i would love to get you compensated . could you please send mem a dm
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
hi , options that have already been booked and paid for are not subject to changes .
i 'd be glad to assist you . we at aldi appreciate your business .
we are always updating the app . what are you having an issue with ?
you can send your query to @iwcare and someone will get back to your shortly .
what can i help you with today ?
please dm your contact number for further assistance .
i know what you mean . dance like no one is looking #dance .
sorry to hear about that , please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can help !
hi that is all up to you . we have shoes that run for all sizes .
that 's definitely unexpected , <USER> ! please report this to <URL> and we 'll check on it for you . so sorry to make you wait .
we aim to please ! thank you !
we are sorry for your experience . could you tell us where you are located ?
can you provide more details via dm , we 'd love to make this right for you
we know this can be very frustrating and you may be eligible for compensation . please go to <URL>
so sorry to hear that happened ! please dm your info to us and we will further address the situation .
if you inbox us on our fb <URL> we can direct you further .
we 're glad we can fix the issue !
if you can provide me with the ntel number , device type and location via dm i will be happy to check .
wow , really sorry to hear that . please send us the details via dm or email here <E-MAIL> and we will see what we can do .
thanks for contacting us . i am looking into it and will get back to you quickly . thanks
so sorry for this experience . email or dm us so we can try to rectify the situation .
that 's unfortunate ! if you send us an <E-MAIL> , we can correct this immediately !
that sounds frustrating ! can you dm me some pictures of the disk so i can check it out ?
the correct number is <NUMBERS> . try that and we will help you . thanks .
i am sorry that you find it inadequate but we find that it is what all other rental agreements abide by as well .
sorry to hear about your bad experience . please email your information and we will assist you .
we do know an animal shelter that is important to our customers .
which did you choose ?
reporting for duty - let 's get it done .
hey <USER> , why not a pair of each ! @newbalanceuk and superga , one can never have too many shoes !
if you get in touch @wind_cares we can help you with any troubleshooting issues you are having .
we love hearing from our shoppers <3 . thanks for sharing
oh no sorry to hear this . we would hate to see you go . would you give us a chance to see if we can make this right
please send us your dm so we can handle this for you .
hi <USER> , please know that customers will be notified when we are going to cover the southeastern region .
hi , we are sorry it 's taking so long , can you call us at <E-MAIL> so we can get this fixed ?
hello <USER> , can you send us a dm when you get the chance ?
thank you <USER> , we really appreciate hearing a positive customer experience .
what problems are you currently experiencing with the adapter ?
we are sorry about that
haha !
we apologize for that . please provide your account details for asistance
love it , thank you for sharing with us !
thanks for the interest , you can find more information here <URL> !
we will have your order redunfded shortly with a new code !
good news . you can enroll anytime at <URL> .
please visit your local dealership they are the best ones to contact for help with this matter .
thank you for the support , she values all of you .
thank you for the feedback , look forward to many more years , these are quality bikes .
please dm me contact info and tracking and i will look into it .
sky sports are the best . enjoy !
yes , that is certainly interesting . please send me all of your information so that i can check for you .
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
you can use the camera recommendation system at <URL> .
we are very happy to hear that and would appreciate your continued feedback .
we 're sorry to hear that , we will pass the feed back on to our team .
please see our website to obtain information on updates
#storytelling <URL>
i 'm sorry ! what can we do to help ?
we want to compensate you for the inconvenience . visit <URL>
let me get a technician to help you find out .
apologies for any inconvenience
sorry to hear that . please dm with your email address and information and we 'll get back to you immediately .
the work will continue until the work needed is done , we have yet to be given a specific date . sorry for any inconvenience .
been there ! take a moment and breathe .
so sorry for the inconvenience <USER> ! please follow us at @theqassist so we can dm you .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info and order number so we can look into the issue further ?
our customer service team can be reached at <URL>
have you tried contacting us again ? if not please send me detailed information and i will look into the situation .
we 're so sorry to hear you were dissatisfied ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to make it right .
we apologize for your experience with our service . please contact us through direct message so we can work to solve your problem .
so sorry to hear about that ! please send us a dm so we can help you
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
sure , what are you looking for ?
may i please have your bus number ?
alright i got it . send us a dm for your order numbers .
thanks for letting us know . we 'll work on a solution .
we only offer eco friendly cards at the moment .
it is a limited edition , so it will only be available until halloween .
thanks for coming . did you have fun ?
could you please let me know what device you are using to check in .
sorry that the product has not lived up to expectations , please email <E-MAIL> for help with the situation .
love it frankie !
can you give us more details at <E-MAIL> ?
we will look into this , but there are many variables that could make your package late including traffic accidents or rain . please dm us your tracking number for now .
let me see why this happened , how long was your service out ?
have you filed a case ? if so , please give us your case number and we 'll look into the matter for you .
maybe tal ben haim , what do you think ?
i would be happy to see what the hold up is , could you please send me an email at <E-MAIL> so i can see what is going on
plans have not been announced yet .
hi if you would dm me with your tracking information i would be glad to assist you .
@iwcare is our newly launched customer care page . they should be with you shortly to help you out .
glad to hear it ! thanks for the support :)
so sorry to hear about this ! please check your dm for reply . thanks .
everything about that is awesome ! great work !
thanks !
awesome to hear it ! thanks a bunch , <USER> !
we say it can take up to 10 business days from purchase , so it should be arriving soon .
we are performing monthly maintenance at this time . please try again within one hour .
happy to hear we could help - thank you !
congratulations !
hello there ! let me see how i can help you today ! what is the size tom 's are you looking for today ?
please dm us so we can help !
hi , <USER> , you will need to contact <E-MAIL> .
done , please send us the details !
please message us your booking details at <E-MAIL> and i will resolve this issue for you <USER> .
i am sorry for your concern . dm us so we can discuss the issue further .
sorry for the mix up . i will send you the gift if you send me your contact info . thanks
is there anything we can help you with ?
if you give me some additional information about her , i 'd be happy to recommend some products for you .
so true , my brother just had a party like this and a few people did dress up
no its not
if you visit your jeep dealership they can help you .
you can only make changes to your account every 24 hours .
we apologize for this . can you send us info on where you 're located ?
that number means absolutely nothing to our system . please tell me what email address this order is associated with .
you should be able to simply add the shirt in the size you want to your cart and enter the code at checkout . good luck .
we would not recommend that they be used consistently as shampoo , but most would probably be okay for temporary use as shampoo .
great to see such positive feedback , thanks !
can you provide us with some more details ?
unfortunately , no .
sorry to hear that . what happened and how can i help ?
sorry for the inconvience , could you pleasesend me an email <E-MAIL> so i can get this addressed
you got it !
i am sorry to hear this . please dm and we will look into it further .
oh yea thats right
good luck , i 'll hope for the best for you .
where are you located , <USER> ? i 'll check on it now .
we 're so sorry to hear about these issues . send us an email so a rep can reach out to you .
what is causing you issues . i would like to assist if possible
sorry to hear it , please dm me your information and i will look into it .
the site is up as we speak . cheers .
we would be happy to look if you will dm us your number and location .
hi <USER> . unfortunately we can 't change an order once it 's been placed . please see <URL> to exchange or return your order .
it is pressure sensitive . we will look into why the device is triggering it .
please accept our apologies
this is unacceptable , i 'm so sorry you had this experience . i 'll be passing this along immediately so that it gets taken care of .
hello <USER> ! be sure to share your interest with the production team . thanks !
hi <USER> , thanks for your support ! we love our aussies ! #rio2016 #basketball #oneteam
it sounds like you are having trouble navigating , is that right ? have you logged into our site using the mobile app ?
hello @user , what issue are you having ? please send me a private message so i can help you .
hi ! the iphone forever is included in our sprint flex program and will allow you to upgrade after 12 payments .
i am so sorry about that . send me your order number and i will come up with a solution .
all over it !
the refugees coming over are ones who have lived in tent cities in jordan for the past few years . this is not a long term solution .
please contact our support team at <NUMBERS> or our mobile page @lgusamobile
i am sorry for the delay . go to this website <URL> for information on compensation .
i apologize that you were disappointed but maybe i can help you become a pleased , fulfilled and satisfied customer again .
oh certainly not . tell me how i can help .
thanks for the information . we will let our customer service team know right now .
please send a dm so we can look into this .
snacks and non-alcoholic beverages will be available during the game , beer sales will end during the cavs games as normal . #qassist
we would be happy to look if you will dm us your order details .
please send us a dm and we can look into this for you .
this should be covered under warranty , please contact <E-MAIL> .
we 're sorry for your experience . please message us with details so we can look into it .
dm me your name , delivery address , tracking and phone number and id be happy to help
doors open tonight at 6 !
really sorry this is happening . best way to resolve the problem and find a solution is here ( 1-800-651-6000 ) . this is our customer care team .
no , they do not count towards the menu challenge .
this is jared . i 'd like to help , please dm your name , tracking number , phone number and delivery address
you are very welcome !
it is all about improvised ideas and being innovative .
there may be compensation that you are able to receive . if you will file a report at this <URL> link we will be able to investigate and let you know . sorry for the inconvenience .
@ <USER> unfortunately we don 't have that option now , but i can help you out if you have any other questions !
good luck to you !
when you 're happy , we 're happy <USER> ! thank you for reaching out to us !
thanks for the love . our customers are what make us great !
the problem has been fixed . please restart your phone now
good news . they are 5 minutes away .
that 's wonderful ! thank you for sharing your experiences !
we have forwarded your issue to the appropriate team .
please send us a dm with the order number so we can check it out ?
hi , we are sorry to hear that you are experiencing difficulties with your nexus 5x . we do not support products that are outside of the usa please visit nexus.com/international help for more information .
this is awful to hear . please contact us with a dm and we will help .
glad we were able to help .
we <3 you too ! it 's one of our best deals !
hi there . if you give us a follow and send a dm our way , we 'd be more than happy to help you out !
hmm , good question . can you tweet our customer care team @tmiecs they can help you with getting a physical ticket if possible .
let me assure you that we do not find this acceptable , i am here to assit you today .
i 'm sorry you are having this issue and will help resolve it asap .
happy that we were able to help your wife . anything else we can do , send us a dm !
hey #voc , thanks for the response !
not that i know of . let me look into this for you .
thanks so much for your enthusiasm and support ! #uptheblues
we 're sorry to hear that you 've experienced problems . do you need assistance ? please dm your tracking # and contact info , and we 'll help to sort this out .
you might like a corsa ! we have great deals <URL>
hello ! please give our customer support a call and they can help .
well can you dm us with your email and i will make sure you are sent compensation . thank you for all your locality and business .
there is a possibility that everyone might compete
our low rates are already in effectt
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can look into this .
we are excited to be back for another season , thank you for watching .
we know the feeling !
sorry for the delay . i have been slammed . i will have it fixed today and you can pick it up this evening . thanks for your patience .
really sorry to hear that . can you send us your order number so we can figure out the situation .
thanks for asking-we do recycle by sorting it all out at the waste facility
souns fun
sorry about that . please go to the store and talk to the manager .
please provide more info in direct message
sorry for the delay , expect it any minute now
sorry it was so packed ! would you consider making a detailed suggestion and send it via dm so that i can pass it on ?
you can reach customer care at <NUMBERS>
sorry to hear that . anything we can do to help ?
that 's really exciting , adam ! we 're always here to help - - just let us know :)
we don 't have an exact time , but we will keep you updated .
yes we have cards for canadians . dm me with your info and i will set you up . thanks
hello . we will replace the scratched dvd , let me know your email address and i will ensure the return instructions are sent to you .
i am sorry you are stressed . we might receiving higher than normal call volume please try to email and or call again .
sure , we can help you with that ! please send us a dm with the email you used on your account .
i hope so ! do you need tickets ?
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
thanks for rooting for #aus ! let 's go aussies !
of course it is .
we have sent a reply . please let us know if we can further help .
oh there is a lot , dont worry
i have passed this along to our tech team and we will be in contact soon .
if you dm us a contact number we will be able to help you with this .
send us a dm and we 'll be glad to help !
we 'd hate to have you leave . can you send us a dm so we can help ?
so sorry for the inconvience you are having . send us a dm and we can help !
we are glad you 're on the team !
nothing that you did ! let us know if the staus isn 't updated in a week .
so sorry about that . if you will please dm with your number so we can verify the correct one is in our records we will get that taken care of right away .
it is available at a few stores . go here <URL> for our website and find which ones carry it .
hello <USER> , many apologies for the frustrations . the issue has now been resolved , and we are committed to carrying out daily checks to ensure smooth operations .
the website is under maintenance , thank yo for your pateince
there is no major problem inform us incase it happens again
agreed - go england ! ! ! c 'mon !
ok , if you need anything in the future , im just a message away ! :)
all you need to do is email us here <E-MAIL>
how long have you been with us ?
thank you for your information . a member will get back to you as soon as possible .
sorry , we do not have the restocking info . we would recommend you try the youth sizing and order two sizes down . example : w6 = y4 .
yes when the plan expires you can change it then . you will not need a new sim when the plan expires .
hi ! sorry to hear of your difficulties . have you been in touch with the workshop on this matter ?
many apologies for the delay . did you file a claim for the refund ? if not , please visit <URL> to get started .
i 'm flying an airplane .
apologies . we will be looking into that immediately .
we cannot rebook , but we can file and see if you will be able to be compensated at <URL>
please know that your dm has been answered .
i don 't mind helping but i don 't see an email . can you shoot me a dm for more information ? thank you !
was the voucher purchased with points ?
i love coffee ! ! #coffee #enter
it has to be cancelled then placed again but currently cant change an existing order
i am here to answer all your questions .
oh no ! we very much apologize for the issue - please call us at <NUMBERS> so we can aggressively investigate and further assist you .
where are you waiting ? i see there is some back up .
i 'm so sorry to hear that you are not satisfied with our customer service . please contact us via dm or email to open a case ; we 'll be happy to arrange for compensation .
i would like to help you ! dm me your name and address as well as tracking number .
can you tell us what the issue is ?
hopefully you are enjoying it !
it is on the way
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
i really want to make this right , please send your details in a dm to me .
resilience is an important attribute because it strengthens you .
please contact <E-MAIL> for more help .
we are terribly sorry to hear about this . please dm further details so we can assist you further in this matter . thank you .
stay tuned at <URL> for updates !
congratulations ! i 'm so glad you hit the jackpot . we love to hear good news !
congratulations ! looking for your first car ? we 've got your covered . check out www.carlot.com
the galaxys 8 is such a popular choice among many . the phone has tons of add on features and the graphics are amazing . i would love the opportunity to assist you with this transition if you are still interested . send me your name and contact information and we can start the process for you .
if your card is not there by tomorrow please dm us . it will take 3-5 days for the card delivery .
you clearly have an eye for style ! what are you looking to add to your wardrobe ?
hope i resolved your problems
thanks for your order , if you dm us your order number we can look that up for you .
so sorry to hear this . we want to do our best to help you . please send us a dm so we can !
our new york location is bigger . check them out here : <URL>
sorry for the delay .
we will update when we have something to share .
i can tell you are frustrated . send me a dm and we will see how we can help .
please message us and we can look into this for you .
we are sorry to hear that . we will look into this
you should now be refunded !
can you provide specific examples ? ' going down hill ' isn 't very descriptive 🤷 ‍ ♀ ️ .
contact us directly so we can do a follow up .
sure , please dm me and i will get support on it . thanks .
can you contact us at <E-MAIL> ?
sorry to hear that , dm me with your information and i will look into it for you !
a few options are available , store credit , exchange or credit plus 20 percent off . let us know what you would like
sure . use this e-mail <E-MAIL> and send us whatever you can .
it appears to have been a coleman handball in the box .
yes ! i love collaboration !
i can 't believe it ! so excited for you and i totally thought she was going to arrive early ! @benjimantv
what is your area and zipcode ?
hello , we 're sorry to hear that your service is slow . please dm with details so we can assist you . thank you .
please dm us with your information so that we can look into this . this shouldn 't be happening .
yes just go through and have them checked as you would any items .
i appreciate that , thank you !
we will look into the issue right now , thanks for the report !
we will take that into account as we are improving !
thanks for your support . you should check out <URL> .
you 'll have to share with us how you 've styled your looks
thank you for the kind words we enjoyed printing your cards !
we are stoked that you enjoyed them !
dm us with details regarding this issue .
yes please . let us know which location you are describing .
please send a dm for further assistance .
please email <E-MAIL> with your issues and we will work to fix it !
i am sorry to hear that you are still having problems . can you tell me the model number of your device . thank you so much !
we would like to get more details on your phone usage if you would dm us with your specs we can assist you .
we wan tto help you out , please contact us asap
please check out the manufacturer 's website for additional information regarding the product - <URL> .
i am sorry to hear this . you can enter the info here <URL> and someone will get back to you .
so sorry for the wait ! looks like there 's a bus past dufferin , are you on board now ?
we are loving this ! thanks so much for the shoutout :)
wow ! #poweradepowerscore
finance is something we are working to provide soon !
you may be eligible for compensation for the delay . check out this <URL>
hi <USER> , i am responding now , thank you .
yum ! is it lunch time yet ? you 're making us hungry :)
we can help you reset your password , contact us on dm
we 've received your email and will reply shortly .
some individuals residences are left in the dark when they are on different circuits or the transformers are not working .
sorry about the trouble ! we did make an announcement about the delay - perhaps service was resuming when you boarded . did you end up getting moving after all ?
we are glad things worked out , sorry about that !
dave is good people ! glad you enjoyed his recovery !
i am so sorry you had this experience . what was the tracking number associated with your delivery ?
we will sort that out ,
hope they get better soon !
i 'm sorry . this is correct .
wish we could join you !
we 're so sorry to hear about this user . we 'll see if we can help you any further .
the phone itself does not need to be connected to a pc device , rather you will need to unplug the memory card from inside the phone and connect it directly into the pc itself . from there you will need to copy the firmware file from the memory card .
thank you but it seems that the pre-orders are out for home shipping so the only option is store pick up . sorry for the inconvenience .
i am sorry and we like to hear from you if you would contact us so we can investigate the matter .
lone female , we are here for you . so sorry it 's been abnormally busy here tonight , please send me your vehicle reg in a dm . i am here now to help !
hey love , drop us a dm and we will color match you now !
we are on it . thanks for letting us know .
fantastick . we 're so happy you 're enjoying @lexus . thanks for letting us know .
hi , pit experience package is currently 575.55 + s / c , gold circle are 136.00 + s / c
yum ! <3
i can check on that for you ? can you message me your order number ?
did you enter the proper email , can you give us the email adress you entered ?
there is probably behind the scenes stuff that we don 't understand but generally i agree !
the more happy people we 've got the better the company is all together .
thank you and glad we could help .
i am sorry to hear that , please contact <E-MAIL> so we can compensate you !
please contact us at <E-MAIL> with more details or a screenshot . we look forward to helping you .
thank you for your message ! yes , the platinum card has 2.5 % foreign transaction fee , but still has the protection in the event something goes poorly with your purchase .
thanks for mentioning us ! hope you enjoyed your visit .
how long does it take on your camera ?
oh what a drag , well it will turn up when your least expecting it ,
i am sorry for the inconvenience and hope that you will be please with your purchase .
i 've done it , you 'll receive a confirmation soon .
that is definitely not correct ! please dm me the store and products you are trying to purchase and i will speak to the store manager .
sorry for your delays . if you visit <URL> you may be eligible for compensation .
we are thrilled that you are happy with your order . keep sharing and be sure to let your friends know !
could you forward more information to us ? our intention , of course , isn 't for you to become a fool .
please dm me your details and i will get another one to you !
can you tell us which country you bought your product from ?
have you checked the website , there is a section there to make changes
hi , the specific date and time have not been announced yet but you can sign up for foti alerts at :
i am so sorry to hear we have not met your expectations
please could you dm us with more info regarding this event ?
oh no ! please let me know the tracking number so i can try to find out what happened .
they do have one and i had them put it back for you .
your best option is to have one of our workshops take a look . they 're better equipped to answer that than i am .
we are so sorry about the inconvenience . our customer service team has been in touch previously . how else can we assist you ?
we can look into this for you . send us a dm with the address where you have no service .
your feedback has been passed on . thanks !
i am dm , that engineering department manager as we speak , i will hold with you until they respond .
they are on sale already , this is weird
the hard copies are released tomorrow and some digital downloads are available now .
we are working our hardest to get that figured out , stay tuned !
please dm us and we can further assist you in this matter
love it !
we are happy that you are happy ! when it comes let us know how it is !
you 're welcome ! we hope that you enjoy your film .
thank you for bringing this to my attention , how can i help ?
i didn 't realize you were a ttc employee . regardless , that 's the explanation i would give to any customer . honesty is always best .
i am sorry to hear that , please contact <E-MAIL> so we can make it right !
hello user . may i please have your order number so i can check the status of your order ?
punctures are no fun , sorry for your problems . cheers .
call us and we can help
mmm ... us too ! dm us for a free coffee !
this can happen sometimes if you have other apps running on your phone in the background . try restricting them and see if that helps .
thank you so much for sending your info , <USER> . we 've sent you a reply .
i agree but other factors would need to be included too . you can dm me for more on this discussion .
does it reboot to safe mode ?
hello , and thanks for your feedback . i see you have already made contact with us via facebook ; we will gladly continue the conversation there .
if the event is fotl sponsered and you are an amex cardholder it will show sale times on amex presale .
we will be releasing more details soon !
we don 't want this to be the new standard . let us help . please sent the details here <URL> and we will do our best .
we 're glad to have you on the #qlder team ! <URL>
you can dm us directly so that we may personally help you .
we 're so happy to hear that ! if you ever have any other questions or comments , we 'll be here for you !
thanks <USER> for letting us know !
hello <USER> . we 're looking into this further . thanks for reaching out !
please email us so we can assist you . sorry you 've been on hold for so long !
we 're sorry you feel this way . if you 'd like to speak further please send us a dm .
we would like to get more information from you about this . please dm us with the details .
get a lexus to match your best friend .
this is the <URL> let me know if it works for you .
hi there , sorry to hear you feel that way . please contact @wind_cares so we can make it right
how nice for you .
if things change , we will let you know !
it is lit
so sorry about that inconvenience . i can see your message and we 'll get to work and be in touch with you soon .
hi ! thanks for sharing your concern , please dm us your account email address , and we will try to resolve this for you .
i apologize for this . please go online and file a claim to take care of this situation
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
looking beautiful !
thanks for the shout-out , we value you !
thanks , i 'll look into it right now .
if you can give me some more details about your experience i assure you the matter will be dealt with and we would like to offer you some compensation for your trouble .
that 's weird . how about you send us a dm so we can help you out with this issue . :]
if you want information on a different route , contact us please ..
sounds like a terrible situation . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
that 's amazing , thanks !
we are looking into better ways to deliver value , stay tuned !
ok . just making sure , you 're using the phone with number ending with 145 ?
i love the awesome photos !
i would be happy to help . please message us your account information .
that 's not so good to hear . sorry about that . please send us a dm so we can make it better !
i 'd be happy to assist you . can i please get your account number ?
i 'd like to personally apologize for this experience ! please give me a minute to look into what 's going on .
can you send us a screen shot via pm so that we can let our devs know there is an issue ?
if you follow this link <URL> you can get further assistance .
hi , <USER> . please email us at <E-MAIL> and we 'd love to help you out !
chances are if the listing is online then it will be re-stocked keep checking back !
there are new stores for our facebook page
thats terrible ! dm us and we will be happy to help you out .
hello . please dm me with your account number and specific locations you are having an issue and we can look into it !
that is great to hear ! we will let her know !
thanks for the q ! we 'll have our team get back to you asap
we are sorry you feel this way , please contact <E-MAIL> so we can try to help !
i 'm so sorry you 've had to wait so long . we understand there 's a problem and are working to get everyone served as soon as possible .
some of our deals cannot be beat
we 're sorry to hear this - please dm us and we 'll make it right .
starting may 6th
free kfc for everybody !
i can 't wait to see what they can do !
please call the store where you placed original order . our website has location phone numbers .
we are sorry for your delay . please send a direct message with your invoice # and we will look into this further .
sorry to hear that you are experiencing problems with your bedding . please follow up with the message i sent you and we will make this right .
that is amazing ! do you take your cats on walks often ?
i apologize for the error . please send us a dm and we will assist you further .
you can contact us and we would be glad to find the right car for your needs .
you can find our complete vision statement on the toms website , but in short we provide shoes , sight , water , safe birth and bully prevention to those in need .
hey ! so sorry the blu-ray disc was not up to your expectations . please dm us for further assistance .
yes , we sure do . please check our website for a list of movies available .
we are thinking about it . was there a hardtail you wanted to try out ?
yaasss ! ! ! we love to hear that you 're snug as a bug !
my apologies , <USER> . when your sister bought the card two years ago , the funds went to house of fraser and have remained there ever since . unfortunately , when the card expires , the funds are no longer usable . i know this is disappointing to hear . please feel free to dm if you want to discuss this any further !
we just sent you some information by dm .
sorry to hear about that . hopefully it still tasted good !
if you will contact me with your policy information i can further assist you .
hello . could you rephrase your sentence , please ?
we 're sorry to hear that . please dm your order number to us so we can help .
' use data to see photos " can always be used to view pics and vids :)
this is deeply concerning , we don 't want to lose your business , please dm us so we can help you further .
you do not need to repay anything . we are glad we are able to serve you !
thanks , we are always working to improve our response time !
can you email <E-MAIL> with details so we can look into this ?
we are sorry for the negative experience , please dm us more details .
if you 'd like to dm me your details i 'd be more than happy to help !
we 're so sorry to hear about this <USER> . send our colleagues a message and they can help .
the time is on the website , please refer to that
i am so sorry . we appreciate the patience and you will see improvements shortly !
okay <USER> we will look into for this you and have more information when the senior ops reports back to us !
i am sorry that you have had an upsetting experience , what can i do to help ?
outputting is 2.4 from 4 ports , 3 airpower ports and 1 quick charge ports .
thank you for the rt !
we may have some options that could better suit you - please dm us your contact information and a good time to reach you so our experts can call you directly . thank you !
sorry for the inconvenience , once the order is completed we can not make change to the order . what i will sagest is for you to call us when you receive the tracking number and we will send return request to the courier before the they deliver it .
i am sorry you are having trouble , you can delete all emails you receive and should never click links or attachments .
we appreciate your business and loyalty . merry x mas and happy new year . thanks
sorry to hear that . please go to <URL> to get compensation .
we definitely want to get this sorted out for you and set you up with the next one . shoot us a dm , please !
thanks , we love hearing from our customers !
what can we do to make our products better for you ?
what a great view , good job
please send a tweet to @tmiecs to check the address for your order
check behind the horror section ;)
thank you for the feedback . i 'll be sure to convey this to the purchasing team .
if you wanna send us a dm we can help further assist you !
check out the store starting sept 29th !
those are some good jeans for sure !
we aren 't experiencing any problems . please try again or email us if you are still receiving that error .
what is the best way for someone to reach you ?
we 'd be happy to set up a test drive in your area
don 't do it at all , but if you do please drink water , take a tylenol and milk thistle and don 't expect the next day to be so pretty
sorry this happened . we would be happy to help .
thank you for reaching out to us . we do have some history around but i will pass your observations on to our feedback team .
we have successfully activated it for you , dial 504 to confirm this
here to help , reach out to us regarding nay other matter
sorry to hear that at least you had a safe journey !
sending you an english version - keep the french one for the troubles !
hi , thank you for contacting us with your concerns . we use credit checks occasionally - what is the issue ?
i 'm sorry about that , <USER> . you can try reaching us after 5pm when the phones begin to quiet down .
can you dm us your order number so we can look into it for you ?
if you could send me your tracking number we will sort this out for you .
sorry for missing your message . please send your order number so i can help . thanks .
nice !
all you need to do is disl * 555 * 1 # and select a choice
you 've got me beat !
retweet : <USER> : is your #lawfirm website not delivering the traffic you want ? 5 common culprits and solutions : <URL>
no worries ! if we haven 't shipped your order yet there is still time to change it to meet your needs .
good news is you will get a transparent card on renewal .
let me see what we have in stock .
we look forward to it !
can you send me a dm with your zip code and nearest cross street address ?
hi , if you direct message me your order info , i would be happy to help you with this .
we would like to know if you are still having the issue .
please provide me with your phone number and address so i may further assist you . thanks !
we are sorry for the delay and we are aware of the issues and trying to work as fast as possible to get everybody in the arena .
please bring the uneaten portion back to the store and they will either replace or refund you .
we regret the inconvenience , please forgive us and thanks for the patience as we try to resolve the problem
we are looking into this and will be in touch
hi there , and many apologies for the delays . we do not have an immediate timeframe of when we will be back up - but our teams are actively and aggressively investigating the issue . please keep an eye on our twitter for updates , and we deeply apologize for the inconvenience .
thanks for the nice words .
when you get credit on a tigo line , there is no fee . it is just like buying credit for other networks .
i 'm very sorry to hear this ! please send over a dm so that we can resolve this issue for you .
can 't argue with that :)
hi . can you hear better now ?
click the link below to get to lost and found . i hope you get it back !
hi ! we 're so sorry to hear that , please provide us your origin , destination , bus line , 4 digit vehicle # & time of travel so we can fix this .
wow , your description has my mouth watering and i can 't wait to try it !
please send us a dm and we will do our best to fix the problem !
sorry for that . why do you do think this ?
can you let us know what location you were at ?
so glad you are pleased , we love hearing this
thanks for sharing !
let me get you a technician .
we are sorry to hear about this issue . please contact us at <E-MAIL> or at <NUMBERS> so that we may better assist you .
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
thank you for the suggestion , which i will be sure to bring to the development team .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
sure does ! you can come by today if you 'd like .
i am sorry to hear this . dm me and i will see if i can compensate <URL>
there is no more stock and the system had not been updated yet .
email us for a customer service updates .
i am sorry to hear that . please send a dm and we will get back to you .
hi <USER> , i apologize for the delay you are experiencing . if you dm your information i will be able to assist you right now .
okay , that 's easy . just ship your item to 3913 8th ave , brooklyn , ny 11232 . include a note with your name , order number , reason for returning , and the exchange item you wish to receive .
hello , have you tried using a patch , they can look pretty cool , and give the pants a unique look .
that sucks ! if you dm @reefhelp , they can get it righted .
you can find our warranty information at <URL> .
sale runs until may 9th .
you are very welcome ! thank you for shopping with us and i 'm so happy we could make you happy today !
we 're sorry , please give me the info and i 'll have a team member look right into it .
thanks for the love , we 'd be happy to follow back .
please email us your details and we 'll look into it .
we 're sorry you didn 't love the fillter . send us the details of your order and we will follow up .
why do you feel like this ? i 'm concerned .
we can 't give exact release dates , but we 're working hard to roll it out to all eligible devices , globally , asap !
so sorry to hear that ! please call us <NUMBERS> and we 'll do our best to make your stay better than you expected !
thank you so much ! i 'll send further information regarding rectifying this issue to your email on file .
good morning . how can i help you ?
yes still additional time .
thanks for the feedback ! we 're so happy you 're happy !
great ! i will assist you with this issue shortly .
please pm me and i will assist you further .
our mobile support team will be happy to assist you . here 's a direct number . thanks !
we don 't send our reps out . here is more info on our stance on this <URL>
thanks for your report . we will look into this and get back to you shortly .
should make all of our customers happy to have another convenience right at our door .
i am sorry to hear about your issue with our food . please message me the store name and any other pertinent information so we may investigate .
can you please dm me your <E-MAIL> so we can find this quicker ?
if you dm me the number we can mention you when there 's an update !
thanks for the positive feedback , so happy you enjoyed it . cheers .
i sure will user .
please dm your phone number so we can help you out .
we 're working hard with our team to help you out !
we 're so sorry about the inconvenience . our team is working on the issue now !
thank you for reaching out <USER> , please contact us at <NUMBERS> and we 'll work on a solution .
please dm us your contact information so we can send one to you free of charge . congrats on the wedding .
so glad we were able to help you out .
hmmm ...
sorry for your troubles . please contact our billing department at <NUMBERS> .
this is not what we like to hear . let us make this better please call <NUMBERS> customer service and leave the details with them .
hi there , the items you 've ordered are drop ship items , and may arrive at a later date than normal . we thank you for your patience .
sure thing .
i would love to assist you could you please send me an email <E-MAIL>
we 're sorry to hear that . please let us know if there is anything we can do to help you .
oui can tell you where the location is !
i am sorry to hear this . we would love to compensate you ! follow this <URL>
so sorry to hear about this frustration , but did you know that flight delays could mean money for you ? check it out url
thanks , enjoy !
thank you for your support . please don 't hesitate if you need further assistance !
give me your tracking number and i will forward your information to the correct department .
can you please send your order # to us so we can check it out for you ?
enjoy !
your situation will be resolved shortly .
can you please provide your full details
every story improves and expands my potential . it 's an endless flight of stairs and every step i take puts me on higher ground .
always hard for me to wait too . would you like me to check the progress . which holden dealer did you order through ?
i would love to check in on full refund . would you mind sending me an email ? <E-MAIL>
i wish i could attend the show ! i 'll be working for face atelier .
yes , please let the operator know .
please , tell us if you still require support .
thanks for the information , i 'm looking into this now .
thanks for sharing !
nope , you 're good .
great , glad to hear you are happy ! :)
thank you so much for the support ! <3
there 's is no information showing up on our end that indicates a problem . could you please tell me what you are experiencing ?
we are sorry to hear about your trouble with getting into your room late ! please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can resolve this .
if those weren 't for you then keep looking because there is sure to be something for you .
oh no ! sorry to hear you have no service . can you send me a dm with your contact information so that i can further assist ?
thanks for your feedback . we hope to continually improve our products .
if you would send a dm with your account info , we can start looking in to the issue right away .
yes , a photo id will suffice , along with email confirmation and order number .
i am so sorry you had this experience . send me a dm with the location details and i will have customer care follow up .
can you please dm me your issue and i will be happy to help in any way i can .
dm us so that we can help you further .
hello <USER> just wanted to let you know that we have responded to your message
yes they do , just give it some time !
we are working around the clock to restore that ,
hello . i can help you out with your order . what are your questions ?
there are many new plans available with sprint these days that might be more to your liking . how much data do you estimate you need each month ?
tell us more , <USER> . i have to know how this story ends .
looking good user !
what an amazing road trip ! can 't wait for more pictures .
hi <USER> , please check your dm for updates .
good luck and i know you can .
oh no ! we have increased the font size to help fix the issue . the new ones arrive on 2/23 .
i 'd be happy to assist you with this inquiry . customer care is always a pleasure !
thanks for the insight .
all done ! anything else i can assist you with today <USER> ?
please dm us your contact information so we can provide you incentives for being a loyal customer .
we are so sorry <USER> right now we have crews in the area working to restore power as quickly as possible .
very much so , i agree !
sounds great , please give us pics of the new wheels .
no , you 're amazing !
thanks for the shout-out ! we live to serve you the best :)
the package will go back to the station after 3 attempts , then it 'll be returned to the shipper or you can come get it .
please call us at this number so we can help you out !
please contact us directly to receive assistance .
we do not have them in stock but are hoping to get them in again
here 's our email address - just drop us a line and we 'll send you a couple ! :)
our delivery service is a separate entity , but i want to help you , what was the tracking number ?
that is great ! we look forward to helping you in the future !
is everything good ? dm us please if you have any concerns
check back soon , and have a great day !
often the local travel agent will run specials specific to your area . we hope you find something !
i recommend contacting ticketmaster to confirm .
there was a technical issue which should now be resolved . please contact me if this is not the case . thanks .
i am sorry . please dm with the store details and your number and i will escalate this case .
she is doing great . healing well :) #stosa
please use the sim tool to eject your sim and reinstall it , see if that helps
dm us your zip , nearest cross street , and your number ?
we are always exciting to receive customer feedback and we thank you so much for yours .
we 're currently delayed due to traffic . we 're trying to get you there as soon as possible .
thanks for your support !
awesome picture !
unfortunately , we only offer an annual policy for this . if you need any other help , send us a dm .
hi ! i 'm sure that our platinum travel team can help you create a wonderful plan full of fun activities . please reach out to them at <NUMBERS> , have a great day !
please send us a dm so our expert team can further assist you . thanks !
we will look into it and see what we can do . so sorry about the delay !
that 's totally wild ! awesome bath !
hi <USER> , i apologize for the inconvenience . may i have your order number so that we can look into this for you ? thank you .
that 's great hear ! please dm me your reg so i can pass on the feedback to the team !
you can use it for calls , activation 's , sms , etc . if you need assistance , please dm us .
oh , yeah , we love to see smiling faces over at kfc !
sorry to hear your having issues with this . what can i do to help ?
here is your tracking number : <NUMBERS> hope this helps !
hi , i 'll check on your service if you send me your account info .
i am very sorry that happened , can you email <E-MAIL> for direct assistance ?
sorry that you experienced this . can you go to this link <URL> and share the details and we will see what we can do .
wow i am so sorry that the call came so early ! can you send us a dm with your contact number so that we can check and see what may have happened ?
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
i didn 't realize buses were crowded in boise . can i help with anything ?
we are still looking into options but it is just not possible right now .
thanks for trying our coffee ! could you follow us so we can send you a dm and get more information about your experience ?
yes they are but it will not be available for shipping until 3 weeks
we are looking to release them asap , please stay posted !
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! as soon as the parcel is returned to our depot and processed you will automatically be refunded .
who doesn 't love a good rugby player ? ! thanks for sending us some love .
we are calling right now , please pick up
it is possible to withdraw cash from the ecobank machine .
glad you liked the film . enjoy the equinox !
not quite yet but if you continue to follow us on twitter we will release that date when it is available .
the nougat update is ready for download , enjoy , cheers .
sure !
you can find our response here <URL> .
love to win . thanks for letting me know .
so sorry to hear this . we don 't want to disappoint you . please send a dm and we will do our best to help .
dm your contact info so that we can get in touch .
yes they are currently sold out .
you can dm me to receive help asap .
not sure how to feel about this one !
thank you for contacting us ! we are currently adding baby changing stations to all of our stores
what is the error message you are getting ?
hello ! our website can show you all the room types we offer in each hotel !
sorry , but that is not possible .
sorry to hear you feel unsatisfied . what can i do to improve the situation ?
you will not be receiving the product anymore .
sounds like a terrible situation . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
the coat sold out unfortunately !
hi , there let us know if you would like to join wind and we will be happy to help you .
i am sorry the organic veggie tots were a limited product , but i will pass your thoughts to our marketing dept .
sorry for the delay , can you check your dm ?
very happy to hear that ! please think of us when it is time to purchase your new vehicle .
sorry for the trouble , dm us your information so that we can sort this out for you . thanks !
thank you . to clarify , your question is on a store credit not currently active ?
we are here to serve you !
hi there , <USER> . we are aware of this problem and we 're working on a solution . thank you so much for your patience . more info coming soon . / update : <USER> , the issue has been fixed ! thanks again for your patience and letting us know about the issue !
thanks for the info . we will look into the situation .
hi , please reach out to me via dm for direct contact information .
contact us at <E-MAIL> and we can see what we can do !
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
can you send an email with your information ? we can resolve this .
please stay in touch in order to learn about other public opportunities to satisfy your request .
let me help you . please dm me your flight information .
the my17brochure will be out soon ! thank you for your interest on our products .
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
hey user , we apologize but must inform you that the line has been discontinued . please take a look at stores near you for any remaining stock .
enjoy the coffee and coupon on us . cheers
can you tell us what are you planning on renting ?
you got it , please message us with more details
it should be on the side , hope i helped
of course i can assist you , but first can i get your first and last name to verify your identity ?
we 're sorry for the bad experiences . if you can message us your contact information and email id , we would be glad to help you .
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
that was so gross
if it 's out of date , we can 't help /
we love it too !
ga1 is the main standing area . thanks !
enjoy your time ! it 's going to be a good one !
thank you for bringing this to my attention , let me look this up for you .
this is disappointing news
we can 't wait either .
thank you for rooting us on . go aussies !
hello user . so glad that we were able to help you with your automobile issues . thanks for your feedback .
it was no problem ! we love our neighbors !
if you go through the file manager app in the logmein app ( via google play store ) the file can be copied . hope that helps !
can you possibly dm your location and what was going on before the issue so that i can assist ?
thank you for the feedback . i will be sure that this is sent to maintenance so they can be sure that the truck is within the regulations for emissions .
can you tell us more please , send an <E-MAIL> .
awesome pic ! hope you enter it or another in our #supergaselfie contest on instagram ! <URL>
you can contact us st 1-800- subaru or <URL> to let us help you in a more personal way .
oh my . please contact our customer service department to assist with that . www.bigbusiness.com/customerservice
this is an issue sever enough to be escalated , please call our warranty team at 1-800- xxx , i am notating the details of your issue .
dm us your order number please .
we 'll forward this comment to our development team , and they 'll be in touch asap . thanks for your notification !
if you dm me your contact info i can look into this
we appreciate your feedback . reach out @ 1-800- subaru 3 .
hi . there are a number of possible reasons , but hopefully the information at this link will shed some light on it .
i will be more than happy to pass this along to our team ! thank you
i will let the staff on charge of this know to be able to make the changes accordingly .
i am sorry to hear this . can you confirm the number through dm and i can further help you .
yes , i have forward this to our warranty department , they anticipate two more weeks , but i will se if they cannot escalate this for you .
the charge will be 0.05 p
oh no ! thats really gross ! can you please let us know the details in a dm so that our customer service team can look into this ?
thanks for the feedback . is there anything you would like to add so that i can pass it on to our team ?
no problem , we hope this resolved your issue !
this is not consistent with the values of the company , please tell me more about the experience .
good ! #allthecolors
thanks for sharing your love for the product .
can i have your tracking number so i can look into this further for you ?
we are looking into this now ! yes , the suite # should print out on the replicator
thanks for including us in your survey !
sorry for your incredibly taxing delay . we want to let you know we appreciate your patience !
hello , feel free to check out this link that shows the most recent snes schedule .
it depends .
hello , i 'm sorry for any issues you are having with your product ! please contact us at <E-MAIL> and we can further assist you .
please send me a dm with more detail so i can make this right .
i am sorry for the outage you are experience . please send us a dm so we can look into the issue for you .
you can try using a rubber mallet .
glad things are fixed , may i help with anything else ?
hi there ! you should try uninstalling and reinstalling the application to see if the issues persist . please let us know if that doesn 't solve the issue .
<USER> way to go ! we 're super proud of you . come by our range and let 's find you a great car . <URL>
that 's no good ! please shoot us a dm so we can check this out .
hope your sister likes the shoes . ;)
can we help you with anything today <USER> ?
if you go to this link <URL> you will be able to see all the stores that are open in your area .
we hope so ! :) happy holidays !
you will only beable to see presale if you have the special presale access code . you would have received the info in an email .
sorry to hear about your flight issues . you may be eligible for compensation .
we would like to look into this for you . please email us <E-MAIL> . thank you .
thanks , we 've gotten your email . we 'll be in touch very soon !
i would like to help you if you would dm me .
this is standard policy for returns . rest assured that your info will not be used for any other purpose .
please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can take care of it !
we are so glad to hear ! love our loyal vapers !
we 're sorry to hear that . please contact us and we 'll sort this out together !
the sales are for different movies and titles . there are sets of movies that qualify for 2 for 5 and others that qualify for 3 for 21 .
go howard ! you rock !
id love to make this right for you . please dm me with your info . thanks !
we do not currently have this movie , please check our website for upcoming releases and to suggest new titles .
thank you for your support ! #aus #rio2016
awesome , great job so far !
someone is looking into it and will get back to you today .
look for it around 8am est ;)
that is nice , enjoy .
sorry the physical hardware is not covered unless its an accident
oh no , <USER> , that 's not what we like to hear . thanks for your patience . send us a dm and we 'll help you out .
i am so sorry for the experience you had . please dm us so we can find you a resolution as soon as possible .
i am glad that you are enjoying them ! what is your favorite ?
i am so glad you enjoyed the show !
they are a knowledge collector 's item . send me the product # and i will look into it .
awesome job soaking up the savings !
we 'll do our best .
i would be happy to look into this . send me a dm with your details .
can we get your order number ?
hello user . do you have a case number so i can pull up what your problem is ?
we are working had to resolve your issue .
thanks try and refresh the page let me known if that works .
hello . given your specific situation you may be entitled to compensation . can i please have your flight info and seat number to assist you ?
go mitch
which meal did you get ?
please share your experience with us !
you are welcome . please reach out if we can help you further
hi <USER> , so glad to hear that you were pleased with the service . please dm your reg and i will pass the feedback on to the appropriate team . thanks !
enjoy !
glad you enjoyed it .
sorry it took so long and glad its now fixed
we will notify our development team about your feelings towards the screensaver .
if you give me a moment i will look into that . is ther and email i can reach you on ?
great ! thanks for sharing !
please contact @ntelcare for more info . thanks .
no way ! tobacco time , all day every day !
you can dial * 588 and they can use airtime until activations .
that is a little unusual the 10 days but it is not rare
agreed . we have so much to talk about !
please provide your details for me to check that up
i see . we try to use materials that are safe , but there is more information about the product here <URL> .
give it a try - it 's very worth it ! ;)
per your request , i have added the official work email for your account .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info , or call us on the number listed below ? we 'd be happy to help you lodge a formal complaint .
you are absolutely right !
stop by guest services to receive a first game lanyard .
i 'm sorry that you are having an issue . could you provide me with more information ?
dm has been sent .
thanks for switching to us ! we appreciate your business . you rock !
okay , that is not a problem at all , may i please have the correct shipping address ?
we are sorry that the terms of service don 't meet your expectations . perhaps we can discuss other account options with you ?
without your information im unable to find out what happend with your delivery .
aww . great to see our newest and cutest fans .
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
i am glad you enjoyed it !
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
our agents in europe will be able to help you with this . i will pass on your info and they will contact you when they are on .
please follow and dm us with your details such as phone number and vin . thanks .
we love hearing great feedback from our customers ! glad you are enjoying the line .
i will pass the info on to the web design team . thank you for the input .
thank you for the feedback , we will dispatch maintainance
every friday is made greater because of lexus .
we 've passed your message along so you can get this sorted out ! someone will be in touch with you soon . thanks !
sorry that happened ; to fix it , please customer service at <NUMBERS>
i 'm so sorry you feel that you had that kind of experience with us . can you tell me more about what happened ?
i can help you find what you are looking for . dm me with your name and phone so i can make contact . thanks .
thank so much for the feed back , we will see what we can do to help resolve these issues for everyone .
we don 't know what it is either , and we 're very sorry that this happened . please message us with more information and we 'll be more than happy to try and rectify the situation .
you are right about that angel :)
best of luck <USER> , we 're behind you 100 % !
thanks for contacting us . please send us the order number so we can look into it .
we will be happy to help if you run into any issues .
hi there . we 'll be glad to pass the into along . have you gotten a tracking number ?
we apologize for the problems you are having . please dm us with your email so we can help you .
sorry to say yes . please choose some other quality product and try it . thanks
can you please check <URL> for our replacement policy ?
we have veggie chorizo too !
hi there - send me the details by dm and i 'll get a contact for you .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
if you follow and dm i can make sure i get the right team to follow up with you .
thanks for sharing your experience . we will let everyone know .
okay let me see what kind of plans we have that would fit your needs
sorry we don 't have ucl fantasy league at the moment
so sweet x
presale ticket info is available with the artist fan club . thank you .
oh that 's great to hear ! stay in touch !
you can contact us at <NUMBERS> or <E-MAIL> .
kindly contact our customer care
i love me a pajama party ! <3
thanks for contacting us . if you can dm us your contact info , i would be happy to assist you further .
so sorry to see you go . if you change your mind , please let us know .
dm us so that we can help you further .
sorry to hear you had a bad experience . if you would dm or send us an email to <E-MAIL> we see if we can assist you further .
hi . please email us your details so we can assist you .
waaa . not having service sucks , better luck next time !
wind mobile is great ! please dm us and we can answer any questions you may have .
the package is on its way .
we will make sure to pass your request on to our team ! we appreciate your feedback .
those numbers are for the entire area , we 'll keep posting updates for specific areas as soon as we get them .
thanks for giving us a heads up . we 'll make sure the team is aware of this issue .
lol , i guess that must mean that you love all three coffee shops , what a cleaver way of telling me that .
you can win if you sign up on the superga by following this link <URL>
oh no #whoops
sorry , i did not receive your dm . please make sure you 're sending it to <URL>
no worries bryan , there are many more events we have in store ! #staytuned .
glad to have you in our merriville location - did you get everything you needed ?
you may be eligible for a replacement , please contact us
please tell me your issue so we can better assist you .
you can find some great looks for you at this site <URL>
thanks , glad you can make use of our services !
openings in 2018 and 2019 will be updated soon , here is the <URL>
i 'm sorry to hear that you had this experience . please send a dm with your name and contact information , as well as details on the truck if you know them . we 'll try to get to the bottom of this . thank you .
all glad that it went well , you deserve some celebration
we are sorry to hear about the mechanical problems on the plane .
you can check sim prices via this link <URL> and our office in egebda is at 24 akowonjo rd , egbeda bus stop .
beautiful ! thanks for showing us !
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
hi , i will pass your suggestion on to our product team .
did you get any goodies during your visit ?
mac is crazy . they charge $ 50 a piece .
not a problem . we love supporting
what a great photo !
no one can accept the package , we will know and match signatures
hi , <USER> . we will make sure this feedback is send to our development team !
so happy to hear that you 're happy with the lush bath bomb experience . we are the originals , after all !
i 've just replied to your dm . hope to hear back from you soon ! :)
we have replied to your message .
we 're proud to have you ! #qlder ! !
sorry for the mix-up , we 'll make sure it doesn 't happen again .
i 'm sorry you 're leaving us ! if there 's anything we can do to fix the situation , please contact us !
yes , ttc is safe in most applications .
yes , there are three what is your nearest cross section ?
yes , i do agree that is a great look !
sorry to hear about your terrible problem . here to help at all costs
our system are doing updates , please try again in a few hours
sorry to hear this . please dm us so we can fix the situation .
we don 't see anything shipped at the moment and tracking information will be sent momentarily .
sorry for the delay . we will fix the issue for you . please dm me with your account information . thanks
we totally agree !
we can give you some information that may be helpful . give us a call so we can let you know .
please dm us your shipping # so we can track it for you .
congrats on your book launch !
we 'll have it back later this week - new and improved ! ;)
you can follow this link to make a purchase > > > <URL> )
great shots with the drone . awesome , stay in touch with the content . thanks
don 't bother . enjoy the upgrade .
thank you for joining us !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
sorry to learn about this experience . if you could call us at <NUMBERS> we can help you figure this out .
hi , please send us a dm with the information of the product .
what 's happening ? send us a dm including your vin !
the retailers decide the pricing but rrp is normally £ 1.99 . sounds like something i would enjoy for breakfast .
we can help you with that , can we have the order number
please tell us about it at <E-MAIL> so we can resolve the problem !
please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can look into this .
that 's wonderful . we have many affordable , reliable cars available for purchase .
yes , canadians can apply for the card and if you have the capability to pay your bill in usd also it may be what you 're looking for .
awesome , thank you for sticking with us !
glad to hear it . did you enjoy any goodies during your visit ?
did everything arrive and in good shape ?
i am so glad you had a wonderful experience !
we suggest you contact the dealership desira directly because they won 't see these messages . thanks !
thanks for sharing !
id love to help you . all you need to do is dm me your info and we can get started .
hi , i am sorry that you aren 't satisfied with our product .
<USER> , was this booking made in store or online ?
we 'll try and work on that .
congratulations , experience is the best teacher . don 't be afraid and enjoy the freedom .
we have an update pushed and ready to go !
<USER> i have contacted the buyers regarding the supply of the jacket you are looking for . i should be able to provide more information on monday , is there anything else i can help you with right now ?
we just email you a reply .
this is unfortunately typical in today 's marketplace . can you provide me with your order number so that i can look further into the matter ?
i am happy to help , please dm your name , delivery address , tracking , and phone numbers .
hello , jessica @matalanhelp will be more than happy to look into this for you today
so happy to hear this and thanks for supporting us . joe
we have emailed you the code
you will find the perfect gift for your mom #mothersday #momlove
glad i could help . you can contact us at any time if you have further questions .
we apologize for any inconvenience and i will send this issue up to our team to contact you to resolve the issue
i am happy to hear you had a good experience . i will pass it on to the proper channels .
we do not have an exact time frame
what exactly did you deduct so we can check right now ?
if you send us a dm we will do our best to help you out . we are here !
sorry to hear you feel that way .
please send us a dm so that we may help !
here are some links to more info about the steps we 've taken as a precaution .
tweet our customer service team for help .
we 're so happy you 're happy with fauzia ! we love her too !
i am happy to hear that !
go <URL> and enter our sweepstakes . good luck !
so sorry to hear about this ! buses have to stop at their locations . that is so unfair .
dm us so that we can help you further .
please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can sort this out .
thank you for sharing with us ! we love our gold star customers as well , <USER> !
okay what we need is the updated address and order number next . then we will go from there .
oh no , i 'm so sorry let me get that taken care of for you !
please send me a dm with your contact details so we can investigate this .
i am so sorry you were disconnected . please call <NUMBERS> and ask for the customer advocate team or dm me and i will investigate .
apologies for the delay . please send us your concerns so we can help .
i 'd like to locate the responsible party , please send more details via dm .
it differs by location .
there was controlled release of natural gas in west la which stopped @ 11:30 p . m .
really sorry that you are experiencing this . if you send us your repair id and phone numbers in a dm we will make sure someone contacts you .
thank you ! we love our customers
can you dm me with more information so that we can further assist you .
please visit <URL>
we 've paid a $ 25 " app fee " and to put it in my name the service is already on , charging me again is just robbery
please send us a dm for further info !
aw , so glad you 're happy with it ! and we love you , too !
thank you so much for your patronage ! details are being worked out and will be sent out soon .
we are so sorry to hear about this situation . please feel free to direct message us with further details so we can resolve this issue .
i 'm sorry for the delay . your flight will leave as soon as possible .
:)
thank you for being a trustd customer .
absolutely . tell me how i can help you .
we agree absolutely . excellent point .
never hurts to look ... ;) :)
yes , indeed you can , <USER> .
hi <USER> ! our quarter system lowers our cost , which allows us to pass on these lower costs to you !
we 're sorry to hear this . let 's chat in dm so we can get you some more help .
uh-oh ... oops ! ;)
thank you , looking forward to the review .
i can assist you with cancelling your order . dm me with your order number .
please contact us through dm so we can help you with your issues .
i will send that along to the people in charge ! shameless is one of my fave shows !
so sorry to hear this ! our warranty is 6 months on sandals - but please reach our to our customer service to see if they can help ! <URL>
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
can you try reinstalling the app and then letting us know how it 's working ?
once you have received your first bill and direct debit is set up , please call us to set up a monthly payment .
please visit our site , and type in in aukey .
happy to be a part of the event - we can 't wait !
we have had more than usual calls this morning .
i am sorry about the wait . you can visit here to read about delays <URL>
we are sorry to hear this , can you provide more details ?
we have a double guarantee policy please visit <URL> customer service .
thanks for your question . it is suggested that you follow the directions of the owner 's manual .
great !
we recommend you stop to see if you feel better then try again . it may be a cold .
we 're here to help customers get compensated for flight delays . please file a case to <URL>
unfortunately we do not .
very sorry to hear this , can we have your order number
congratulations ! how wonderful !
please use our website with your order number to cancel
we do , please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can make it right !
5 weeks is not that long when you consider the length of a person 's life . use this time to consider the serious nature of driving . you are taking your life in your hands and placing others at risk when you drive recklessly or while distracted ( texting , etc ) . learn the laws of traffic and how to parallel park , and acknowledge the responsibility you have to others in your community when you get behind the wheel .. see you in 5 weeks !
you 're welcome . glad we could help . thanks for choosing us .
glad to hear you love our food <USER> !
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
i am sorry to hear this . if you provide me with more details we will be happy to assist you .
i am sorry but it is not something we offer as of right now .
hey <USER> we would love to get you some compensation for this situation . give us a message here ! <URL>
it 's okay , we like to watch re runs too ! go ahead !
thanks for the notifications . we are working on the issue . thanks
happy to hear you are excited and looking forward to your visit . share with us some pictures or other cool information when you get there .
the car was not struck by a train , delays were due because of a car getting stuck on the track <USER>
we 're sorry to hear this , and we appreciate your patience .
honored to be part of your twitter debut !
good stuff right ?
thanks for contacting us . we are working to restock this . you can check back here <URL>
i 'm sorry . what seems to have taken place ?
hello ! the m16 colorado 7 has a gvcm of 5,700 kg .
hi , can you please dm us so we can resolve the problem ?
indeed ! here are some tips you can use to protect yourself against imposters !
updates will provide you with the most info .
i apologize we cannot use dm . may i have your email address ?
most dates open up 1 year ahead of time . this is determined by the individual properties .
that 's great ! are you going to be there ?
hi ! unfortunately we are currently only offering single cut at this time . check back at a later time to see if women 's cuts become available .
oh , no , <USER> ! we regret you had such a terrible experience . would you care to submit more detailed feedback at <E-MAIL> so we can help educate our team and save someone else the same uncomfortable night ? i 'd also be happy to see what we can do to help make things right for you .
because you are unable to reach us at this phone number please try to email the company . you can reach them at liberty / user-help.com
very nice ! thanks for sharing
a replacement card can be sent . dm us with your information and we will give you the next steps for secure information transfer .
whoa ! not sure that 'd help you but thanks for the info ! : - o
yes just bring it to the store with your receipt within 14 days .
i apologize for the services you have experienced at our store , please approach any associate or the registers for assistance .
thanks for the feedback and happy early birthday .
his is just normal wear & tear .
i can definitely assist you , do you have a card number that i can run a search by ?
we 're sorry about the inconvenience . we offer compensation in the case of delayed travel .
hello ! please send a dm with your zip code included so we can further assist you .
it looks like the videos are going up now <URL>
i 'm sorry about the confusion you seem to be experiencing . can you tell me more specifically what you are experiencing ?
please send a dm to @vmbusinesshelp . i think we can help .
can you please dm us your contact info so we can send your awesome solar swag ?
hello <USER> we 'll follow up on with your suppliers we do careful comparisons before we run the deal .
sorry about that , dm me your information and i can look into it for you .
sure . dm us your phone number and we 'll do it .
hello ! is there anything we could help you with .
if you dm us with the particulars of your transaction we will look that up for you .
i can email you a return label . then you will just repackage the items and attach the return label on the package .
very cool !
you don 't need one , just follow the given instructions and we 'll sort it out .
that is great to hear , enjoy !
please check our schedule !
hiya ! please contact member services . the number should be located on your card . they can assist you with understanding your insurance benefits .
if you want us to check it out for you , shoot us a dm with the order number . we 'd be happy to help .
thanks !
sorry to hear that , what is wrong ?
you stated your browsing was not working yesterday . is this still an issue now ?
great timing !
thanks , you 'll hear from us shortly .
your flight delay could make you eligible for compensation . file a claim .
that sounds fun ! i have to work unfortunately ( not that you invited me .. lol )
is this for data or voice ? we would be happy to work with you to resolve this issue .
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can resolve this issue .
we don 't like to hear tis at all ! are you still having issues ?
please send us a message with your 16 digit starbucks card and we will be able to get you a card shipped to your address !
send us a direct message - we may be able to hook you up .
if you send us your registered email and your friend 's cc :@ payumoneycare we can help you out !
hi . i can help you with that . please send a dm and we will assist you with that .
which bundle do you have ?
thank you so much for this feedback ! we are always happy to hear great news !
you tell me !
if you need future assistance , dm us .
of course ! here 's our contact info . :)
our prices can change for a lot of reasons .
dm your order number and billing address to get more help .
i am very sorry to hear this . when did this happen ?
i 'd be happy to look into this for you . what is the order number ?
good point .
what are you looking for ?
sometime this year
i 'd love to , but let 's do it right not rush anything
please get in touch with us via dm so we can discuss your concerns
it is no longer available .
woohoo ! i 'm so lucky ! thanks a ton !
email us directly for a resolution to your issue .
sorry to hear about this issue . can we help get compensation for your troubles ? put us to work : <URL> we enjoy it !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
haha what do you mean by this
that isn 't something that is on the schedule today . if you check out @cavs or <URL> you can see when the trophy is available for public photos ! thanks for the support !
we love hearing feedback like this . shoot us a detailed dm and we can make sure he sees this !
the chikuhodo z1 brush . loving it right now !
we sure did ... and we love it !
exciting , i hope you all love the new products ! let us know when and how you get them
i am sorry to hear you had a bad experience . please visit url and we will be happy to make this right for you .
happy to answer any questions .
we 're so sorry about the delay ! glad you finally got some help .
i 'm so sorry to hear that your expectations were unmet . do know that we strive to provide an awesome experience and we would like to compensate you for your troubles . would you please give us more details at <URL> .
hello , user contact our team at 1-800- subaru 3 or check the url for assistance , thank you .
when it comes to work i follow the rules but after work i only do it by accident lol
thank you ! we think you are great too !
great thanks let 's see what we can do .
sorry about that . please dm us with your account number and address .
was it fed ex , ground or home delivery ?
we are sorry to hear about the service you received in leicester . please give our cs team a call at <NUMBERS> to resolve this .
thanks for the positive feedback . have a good day .
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can look into the problem further .
please contact our customer care page
what can i do to resolve this issue .
please describe your situation in details , i want to make sure that both you and the car are safe .
our mobile team will be happy to assist with any questions
mmm ! that 's what we like to hear . your #greattaste in #coffee won you an awesome vintage tee ! send us a dm to claim your prize !
hey <USER> you are currently able to dm us , thank you
sorry for the inconvenience , there was a dog on the track .
i would love to be able to assist you in getting a refund and i do aplogize for the trouble
thanks we are happy you enjoy our coffee .
we 're glad you love our deals !
i 'm sorry to hear that , please dm me your contact information and complaint so that i can get to the bottom of it .
we 're glad too . thanks for telling us !
thank you for stopping by ! hope you 've had a pleasant experience !
hello <USER> , please call us at <NUMBERS> to report this incident .
congrats on your first born ! as soon as your clip 2 is ready to ship out we will reach out and let you know . when is your child due ?
i 'm sorry to hear that . dm me your contact info and i 'll do my best to help you .
thanks , enjoy !
contact us and we will help
i 'm glad the service was excellent . please dm me your reg and i will make sure he knows . thanks .
we can 't give out this information . if you would like to talk about ordering spare parts , you can call us at <NUMBERS>
we 're sorry to hear that . please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can assist you further .
please contact us directly at <E-MAIL> .
excellent , looking forward to it !
i 'm sorry you 're finding it inconvenient . we appreciate your patience while we update the service soon .
bold coffee for bold people ! congrats , <USER> your superb taste in #coffee earned you a vintage tee ! dm us to get your prize .
please contact amex international customer service at <NUMBERS> for further assistance . thank you .
have you tried handwashing and hanging up your bra ? it could be getting misshapen from lot 's of use .
great attitude !
we are sorry for the experience , please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can assist you further .
hmmm ...
we are sorry to hear that , can you please contact us at <E-MAIL> ?
lush cosmetics ? , but you don 't need any cosmetics at all .
it really is a nice ride . we are glad you are enjoying it .
which keyword did you send ?
i 'm sorry to hear that ! please contact t customer service at <NUMBERS> with your concerns
yes , there is a brow bar at that location .
hello <USER> . i 'm sorry you 're not satisfied with the customer service and delivery of your furniture . please reach out via dm so i can try to help you .
oh no ! you didn 't like it ?
indeed , not becoming . please write in and tell us more about this ... date , time , etc . was there something wrong with the back door . ?
@lgussupport will be in touch shortly .
oh wow thank you !
that is great and please let us know if there is anything else we can help you with .
we are very sorry to find that out can you please dm me more details of your stay ?
you are welcome . we are glad to hear you like your kit .
thanks for the input !
please visit <URL> for compensation information .
you are incredibly welcome !
thanks for the mention in your piece !
switching to a normal platinum card is possible by processing a new application . we want to make sure you have the card that fits your need the best .
yes , miss you too . will see you in class soon .
thank you for the shout out !
we would be happy to check on that for you .
so sorry for the delay ! there 's a little bunching along the route , but it looks like buses will be arriving shortly .
hi <USER> ! if you call <NUMBERS> , our new accounts department can verify the status of your application .
please send an email so i can get to the bottom of the issue .
sorry about the lack of communication .
hey <USER> , please dm us your email information so we can assist you !
we can compensate you for this inconvenience . please send in all of your information .
you will be hooked and wait for you to try our other delicious treats as well .
please send us a dm and we 'll respond to you quickly .
we 're sorry to hear this <USER> . please let me know what happened :( .
you are so welcome . thanks for your support !
we 've sent a reply to your dm , and i hope you check it soon .
thanks , we appreciate you too !
sorry to hear that ! please send us a dm and we 'll help you right away .
yes , we do !
i have no idea what has happened , but it looks like 2 buses should be there within 3 minutes . i am sorry for the problem this caused you and we will investigate what the problem is .
and in theory , those same angry customers can see this .
thanks for bringing this to our attention . we 've sent you a dm .
we are so happy to hear that <USER> ! ] thank for using our product and enjoy your friday !
can you dm us your email and we 'll send another code out to you . many thanks !
i am sorry to hear this . if you need updates please dm me .
how sweet !
enjoy and relax !
we regret that you are experiencing issues . please send us a dm and we 'll get back to you right away .
you can find all the details here <URL> .
we dn 't judge .
we would love to help you figure this out , please dm us .
thanks for the shout out !
there could be an incompatibility issue that could be the problem . what is the vf year ?
it may say wed but it will be there tmr i am sure of it
we feel terrible ! could you dm us to further help you ?
thanks for asking - that depends on the team , so you can check the schedule at <URL> .
if you check here <URL> for the nearest service center , they can help . or call us <NUMBERS> and we can help .
thank you for the support !
i know its been a long wait but give it a few more weeks , sorry for the delay
please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
send us a dm so we can see what we can do for you ! :)
if you will call our customer service we can walk you through the next steps .
sorry you are disappointed please dm us with the best way to contact you and we 'll rectify the situation if possible .
please contact us to ensure your security is ok and your account is safe .
how unfortunate . perhaps you could dm us so we can assist you in your time of need .
please go here to locate our distributor
for sure i am , thanks for your support !
it appears that your order was shipped , delivered , and signed for per the tracking . please check to tsee if anyone received it .
we are very sorry for your experience . please send us a direct message or an email so that we may further assist you with this matter .
i want to see what is going on for you . please send me a dm with your email .
hi <USER> . see our warranty info at <URL> ( scroll to 7 ) and then contact customer service if you have further questions ; <URL> .
sorry about the delay , i have just responded to your inquiry by email .
i can help you with that . please dm your phone number and email and we can assist you .
happy to hear it ! thanks for shopping with us .
<USER> , go make us proud !
ive passed on the information to our team in cs uk who will be contacting you shortly .
we have a buyer protection option .
sorry to hear that . we 'll make it right if you dm us !
hey , <USER> . thanks for asking ! yes , it is possible and we 'll verify the information on your behalf .
i am so glad that you like it !
thank you for your kind words and feedback <USER>
hi , we 're working to correct the issue . you 'll hear back soon
this link can show you the njt bike policy <URL>
can you provide me with more details as to what you are referring ?
thanks for your input ! our mens sizes go to 12 , but i will share your feedback with marketing .
thanks for your support .
this is a great story ! thanks for the share
nice , love your collection
they will be available at the jump + retailers !
#supergaforlife
i am sorry to hear this , we normally would not refill that , but i see your longtime loyatly , so i have just credited your goftcard 5 extra dolalrs , enjoy .
we have reached out to the brand for an update on your shipping . please dm any additional questions .
sorry you had a bad experience ! please message me so that i may help with the situation ! tia !
a bracelet was found ! please contact emma by sending a dm with your name and contact number so you can identify and claim your property . have a great day !
please , message us in private chat ?
despite what you believe . i am a real human . with real feelings . and i am doing my best to help you with whatever you need help with . thanks for your opinion .
i can reply with a dm if you follow fedex . i am sorry you are experiencing these issues , i will see what i can do to help .
tell us what the problem is so that we may assist you .
dont hesistate to get in touch with us
can you provide me with the delivery address and tracking number ?
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
so sorry about that <USER> . dm us with more details so we can help make it right .
family video is family oriented and treat its employees and customers like they are family .
thank you so much !
hey <USER> , send us a dm with your contact information and the store location so we can assist you further .
have no fears we 're here to get you on your feet and moving forward .
please send us a dm with your account details so we can address this issue .
oh we are happy to hear that !
thanks for the shout-out !
thanks for being a customer . if you follow we can chat in private message .
thank you for your comments and i will pass them along to our team @theqarena
thanks for checking us out !
thank you for the feedback !
if you check your dm we have made a report about this issue . thanks ! let us know if you need further assistance .
hi <USER> ! our team can help if you call us at <NUMBERS> .
can you email a photo so we can look at it ? thanks for contacting us .
would love to see if we can get this fixed for you . would youmind emailing me ( email )
please dm us and we 'll work to solve this issue for you :)
most of them will !
they will be available on sept 29th @cavteamshop
have you tried contacting usps ? sometimes the mail is slow .
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
it is an exciting time . details can be found at <URL> .
we are sorry to hear that ! please send a dm so we can assist .
yes they are lovely and hope you will test drive one soon .
sorry about that . my mistake . you have been re-followed .
hi , i hope you 're feeling well today . please send us a dm to be able to help you .
please dm us with further details including the number you dialed and we will be happy to assist you .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
thank you for the support
that makes us laugh .
that sounds great . please post pictures and tag us .
how frustrating ! but it 's great that she did that well .
we want it to be christmas . that 's why we are here to help . send the order details to me in a dm . we will do our best .
thank you so much for the love !
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
only 1481 steps left ! <USER> #stepupmountain
what a sweet day !
looking forward to seeing all that @efoldi_world will do in the finale . <URL>
sorry for the mix up . we will resolve this issue asap . thanks for your patience .
once you are eligible to upgrade , you can upgrade by pre-ordering any new device of the next generation :)
hello , <USER> . were you trying to access the site from a device ? do you remember if you were using wifi or data at the time ?
hello <USER> you should receive a email about this shortly .
if you can send me a pm with your order number i can help you
thanks for your report . please leave me with your location so that i can dispatch a service provider .
please each us @ <NUMBERS> . thanks & have a great day !
please dm us information about your experience so we can resolve the issue .
sorry for your poor experience . please dm us the location you stayed at
we are always updating our line up , stay tuned for what is to come !
no kidding , that don 't seem like it gives a very good idea of what it can do !
we 're happy you enjoyed the product !
let me look into this for you .
sorry to hear you got the wrong items . could you please dm me with your order number so that i can further assist ?
hey <USER> . would you dm us the affected ntel number ? thanks !
sorry to hear that . did you have your card registered ? please dm me !
thanks for telling us that ! it 's helpful .
we do not have product stock info however we will share your interest with the appropriate team . thank you !
we 're sorry this happened to you and we 'd like to make it right ! please dm us your contact info !
hello , please send your details to our e-mail referring to this exact post .
thanks for sending the sticker , it looks like it should still have been good , so we 'll need to see what went wrong . are you able to return the product to a store near you ?
you should now be able to log in . the issue has been resolved . let me know if you need anything else .
you 've reached the right place ! team @marceloclaure is here for you , pls dm contact info
hello . this just provides you with larger boxes for storage :) . all kidding aside , i 've notified our packaging department of this .
he really is such a cutie !
if you can send me a private message with your email , phone number and the store location you had trouble at i can help .
sorry for the mistake ! dm me the email associated with your account and happy birthday !
can you dm me your address ? i 'll see what i can do
we 're so sorry to hear about this ! can you please dm us more details , and your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help !
please call our service number so that we may resolve the issue
we apologize for the inconvenience . all efforts are being made to resolve the issue .
okay , thanks for letting me know . please send another email so i can help .
sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
we think our travel accessories are the best too !
thanks so much ! what a fun event - you look great !
glad that dani was so helpful . she is a great person .
route 16 is no longer experiencing problems at this time .
thank you for hosting ! we had a blast
great feedback , i will share it with the rest of the team
great shots ! very nice and handsome ! cheers .
aww so sorry to hear this , please do not hold it against us
we wouldn 't be the right people to ask about a class action suit again spirit halloween .
hello <USER> , that 's right ! your s7 is ready to be picked up tomorrow .
thank you for your feedback ! ! we will be sure to pass this on to the @merryhilllush ladies !
happy we could help ! make sure to get some great shots !
that 's right . see you there !
have you had this issue before ? can you send us a dm with your information so that we can further assist ?
we would be happy to look if you will give us your order number .
rest assured i have added that amount to your account . please verify this by checking your account balance .
you are very welcome !
our email address is bestbuy@bestbuy.com
sorry . we want to give you compensation for your troubles .
hello , you are in luck ! your booking will give you access to the lounge at the airport . it is located near gate c . enjoy !
you woyld have to do this independently .
amazing , thanks for sharing !
if you send me a pm i would love to help you with this issue !
tracey , real sorry to hear about the breakdown . can you dm me your reg and i 'll make sure our technician sees this ?
my hooe is that we will 🥇 💪 🏾 👯 ‍ ♂ ️ !
please pass along your order number and i 'll look into it for you now .
please dm us to escalate .
we love to hear this ! please send a dm with more details so we can let her know .
i 'm very happy you like the new cards .
are you happy with the one you are in ?
ok , i think i did this right , can you see me ?
please contact our technical support department at <NUMBERS> for help with this issue .
no sorry that is not available right now
excellent <USER> !
thanks !
good one there haha
glad you enjoyed the wait time
hello , i 'd like to help can you please message me your phone number ?
you 'll do fine . good luck !
hello <USER> can you dm more information about the experience ?
irish water is implementing a new meter installation program and hopes to get meters in as many homes as possible .
so sorry to hear that . we are currently improving in your area .
we are sorry for your experience . please send us a direct message or an email so that we may further assist you with this matter .
any order placed before 03/24 has been cancelled
if you phone our agent on <NUMBERS> they will be able to further assist you .
oh boy that doesn 't sound like any fun ! would you be able to message us more details of your exact location ?
we have resurrected your situation . please have a read .
ok , well i 'm sorry you feel this way , but from this point forward what can i do to serve you better ?
congratulations ! for all your car needs , please feel free to contact us .
this is not what we want to hear . sorry . please send in all the relevant information so that we can help .
hi , we 're looking at your details so that we can find the best resolution . thanks .
could you dm us your account number so we can look into this for you ?
yes . please contact your nearest dealer to start test driving !
we are so sorry to hear of your distress . sometimes flight delays are unavoidable . please bear with us .
so sorry for the inconvenience ! please send us a dm and we will be happy to help you .
we 're sorry you 're still waiting <USER> , can you please dm us your order number so i can look into that ?
we have ran some troubleshooting on your number . please restart your phone to see if it works now .
oh very nice
i can help you with this , please send the repair id
the link is here <URL>
certainly , we can send out a contactless card asap .
hello <USER> . i 'm sorry to hear you are having problems , but we are unable to extend the sale . please sign up for our emails to be informed when new sales occur .
ha ! well we 're not allowed to divulge private information but we can pas your observation on to him !
dm me your <E-MAIL> and i will check on it !
we have discontinued this app in order to provide you an updated and more improved one . you can find out more by going to <URL> .
glad that it has all be taken care of . thank you .
yes , it is still unlimited !
oh no ! how can we help ?
oh no ! send us a dm and we can look into this for you .
we have sent you inquiry to the right people and you should receive a response in 3 days .
we apologize and are working hard to get service back up to speed .
we are happy to assist you . please send a message about so we can resolve the problem .
i will relay this information to the appropriate manager , thank you !
please send us the order information and we will look into this for you
what a thriller . we can help with your lexus fix - please reach out to a local dealership .
we would like to help you with this . please dm us so that we can help you further .
you 're having issues with tigo ?
hi <USER> , wakefield college is open .
i 'm sorry we couldn 't accommodate your order . let me check if this item is still available .
sorry for your poor experience
i do apologize . but traffic can cause delays and irregularities in arrivals .
love it . thanks for sharing .
you could please dm your address , name & contact number ?
yes . we will be carrying this phone . thanks for your interest !
we can possibly help you out . contact the wyndham hotel group and they will assist you from there .
i 'm glad you had a great trip .
right away !
can you please dm me an order number so i can look into it ?
your refund should be in your account by monday morning , should there be further issues , please dm me .
#happyshopping !
we would like to help and apologize . i 'll give you a link to fill out a report about it .
we 're very sorry about the delay . you 're right , that 's an unnecessarily long wait .
ok , restart your phone and let 's see of that doesn 't get your service going again .
happy birthday ! we would love to give her a birthday lanyard if you can stop by the guest services in section 100 .
can 't wait to find out .
this great ! thank you for the positive feedback
yes ! riverline will be running as scheduled and be ready to load-and-go right after the concert is over .
glad to hear !
please check our website <URL>
if you contact reservations they should be able to amend this . their number is <NUMBERS> .
yes it does .
text 5060 to start ! thanks .
please send us a dm so we can make everything right .
sounds like a great idea !
i know you are excited , give it a few more hours
how can i help you ? please tell @sylogum .
wyndham rewards will need to assist you further . please contact them at 1-866-996-7937 . thank you !
is it one long delay ? we can report a long delay , but not a series of small delays if they 're easily cleared . let us know !
oh no ! what 's going on <USER> ?
we are aware of the situation and looking into it now , stay tuned !
that seems to be an internal issue , i have escalated this to our 3rd level support team
so sorry to hear about that ! please let us know how everything is going for you , <USER> .
hello ! can you send us a dm of the screenshot so we can assist ?
we just updated our build for faster remote access as well . please let us know if you have other issues
thanks for sharing !
we plan on it , stay tuned for details !
hello there ! we will pass through your suggestion to our r & d department . thank you very much !
please provide your number
please visit <URL> for more info .
i 'd like to think that they at least replaced it , but hopefully can do more for your satisfaction .
sorry to hear that <USER> . please e-mail us at <E-MAIL> and we 'll make it right .
thank you so much for the awesome compliments !
me too ! take ' em out for nostalgia .
i see a password lockout , if you give me a phone number to text your temporary . pin , we can get you logged in
i apologize ! please dm us and we will look into that issue further
that 's great to hear ! we love this product too !
anytime , thanks .
this is dangerous , we will be contacting his supervisor
we love a healthy diet
we try to hard to make it quick , enjoy !
thank you for contacting us <USER> , the tigo tribe data is finished depending on your data usage , send us a dm and we can look into it
mobile order purchases should count . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
thanks for the information , we will look into it !
we are happy to know that you both were able to enjoy our coffee !
we love your perspective !
you can check it at <URL> .
hello you can contact us at <E-MAIL>
that looks great !
do you have your ticket reference number ?
please reach out to our customer service team ( @tmiecs ) and explain your problem , so someone can make it right .
yes , that 's right .
for security reasons we have to speak with the person who is cancelling . we are also available by email !
it is a new browser that integrates with facebook , go to our website for more info and apply to be a tester .
no that won ; t be necessary . glad to hear all is well now .
thanks , enjoy !
can you tell us more about the issues you are having ?
we will take care of you shortly .
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
we hear your concern . please send us a message so we can assist you .
can you provide me with your contact info and i will look into this for you ?
i hope everything works out for you !
please send us your log in information through dm so that we can further assist you . thank you .
please look at the bottom portion of the receipt .
thanks , we will look into it and contact you soon !
vintage levi 's are awesome @everland day .
hey <USER> we just made a small little tweak to make it easier to display the network , this will have no impact on your current service .
we will be more than happy to assist you and get you compensation for your inconvenience .
that is currently not an option . you need a clip to access narrative apps
really sorry you had to experience this . if you dm us or email here <E-MAIL> we can do our best to make it better .
just send an email to <E-MAIL> asking for a refund and we 'll get that moving for you .
let me take a look , please dm me .
here is a number <NUMBERS> you can try anytime to get ahold of a live agent .
yes , please contact customer service to add on a device to your existing plan .
yummy wasnt it
hello ellidh . sorry that bella was lost in our store , can you dm us for further details .
please send a dm with your contact detail so we can make it right .
hi <USER> ! i 've checked and at this time , we currently do not deliver to serbia . i 'm sorry for any inconvenience .
now that 's what i 'm talking about !
send us your id and we will be happy to assist you in solving this issue .
can you please try reinstalling the app and let me know what happens ? thanks !
life is change for sure , sorry you are missing that style . have you seen the reef rovers ? they 've won awards ! maybe you will love them too !
thanks ! just received your dm - look for a reply shortly !
we 'll send a note to management .
please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
i would like to help . please dm with contact details and tracking .
doesn 't everyone need them , really ?
that 's terrific . thanks for sharing .
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
we will be getting new jerseys in late sept . follow @cavsteamshop for more information .
just some minor delays , you should be at your destination shortly
hello user . i will be happy to help you . where are you planning to attend the event ?
you can use our stock locator to see who carries it in your area . we sell at asda , sainsburys and other stores .
it is a problem with our system . let me have your information and i will fill it as soon as the problem is rectified .
unfortunately no midnight releases are planned at this time but keep an eye here for updates ! <URL>
that is the same as ours unfortunately .
our website can provide a quote <URL> , or if you 'd prefer you can dm me your number so i can arrange a call .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
can you please dm us , since we are limited with the character amount . thank you !
im sorry to hear that katt . please call us at <NUMBERS> so we can help you out .
so sorry this isn 't trackable at the moment . can you send it to me again so i can redo the process ?
that 's amazing ! something to warm your heart in the winter months , for sure ! <3
hi , <USER> . there is no plazy premium lounge in sfo . what amex card are you traveling with ?
sorry to hear about the hold up
if you send me a private dm i can look into this more .
we are not here to scam anyone , sorry for the misunderstanding
we are glad you liked the previous package , we have sent your message to our team
stay tuned !
in order to get the 10 pounds off the vouchers and promos are not to be used together .
that sounds frightful ! can you dm your reservation so we can look into making it right ?
we are looking to get this sorted as quickly as possible .
hi sonia , please dm me and i will be happy to assist you further !
hi <USER> . you may dial * 500 # and choose option 4 to activate it . ) .
our team will work this out , in what country is this ?
please provide additional info on what we can help you with
we 're sorry about the issues ! we 'd love to help . please dm us your contact info .
we love the late night snack too , <USER> ! thanks for the mention !
enjoy to everlane !
apologies ! we can compensate you certainly . just give us your account info in a message .
hello . we are still looking into the issue . i suggest that you clear your history and restart your computer . then try the page again .
thanks for the info
here is the direct link , <URL> that will that will take you to the page necessary to purchase those tickets . once you get to this website , simply click on front of the line and it will lead you to the purchasing website provided through amex . thank you !
we are very sorry , email <E-MAIL> so we can assist you directly .
we will have someone look into your issues and get back with you .
we are so glad to hear that !
great ! please let us know if there are any issues .
we are very sorry for your medical issues . please consult our website at <URL> for our saturday hours and contact us at <NUMBERS> .
i am sorry you are unhappy . please provide me with more details so i can pass it along to our feedback dept .
we are working to resolve this for you , please remain patient !
we are so sorry to hear that , <USER> ! please contact your local service center for repairs .
there should be an update about this coming soon so watch for it .
the model number you 've given doesn 't seem to be valid . mind telling us your country of origin ?
thank you for letting us know that this was resolved .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
check out <URL> to help pick the right one for you !
hi spencer , this is a lot of fun ! so glad you love teavana iced tea :) we 'd love to talk more , can you dm us ?
hello - i have information for you but am limited by the characters in this platform . can we please move this to messages to avoid any confusion ?
are you buying your sweatshirt online ? what seems to be the issue ?
thank you for the love !
hi there ! we are so sorry for any trouble this may have caused you . please bring back your package of meat to the aldi location you bought it at and they will help you out
we are working on restocking the item asap .
they are still available , if you are interested , i can look up the price .
when you visit the store you have to ask ! let us know how it goes
thanks for the feedback ! definitely feel free to reach out in the future . hope you have a great night ! :)
can you tell me the order number ?
please see my dm , thank you .
we are sorry to hear you are not happy with your experience . please send me a message and we will make this right .
what is the specific issue you are having
it is normal operation to keep a stable temperation
let us know how it could be improved ! send us a message .
i apologize for this problem . we will add it to the sale today .
you can take a look at our current coverage maps at <URL> .
some changes definitely need to be made .
if you are not happy please contact at <URL>
weare currently doing maintenance work .
happy to help ! let us know if we can assist further .
it will feel much better when it all pays off .
love everything about it . the eyeshadow , blushes , and gel eyeliners !
you should recive your chip in february if you order today .
please email <E-MAIL> so we can look into this for you !
ok lets see if i can help speed things up here for you .
sorry to hear this chad . please dm us and we 'll see what we can do .
hi <USER> , we 're sorry to hear about your issue . would you please contact us directly at <NUMBERS> ? we would like to speak with you about this and provide assistance .
thanks for taking the time to let us know .
i deeply apologize for the problems you 're having . can you tell us your issue ?
ooh , nice ! which variety ?
just wanted to touch basis with you and let you kmow i have our team looking into this now .
let 's go aussies ! thanks for your support <USER> ! !
international orders as well .
please contact your hydro provider for more info . we only supply natural gas . thank you .
we are working on resolving the issue .
lexus is definitely the best , as we strive to be .
they will be the same weight as what was received in the sample pack . unfortunately this is a typo on the print and is being corrected .
i would love to look into that for you . can you please dm me your order number and billing address . thanks .
<USER> , we would love to have you join the sprint family . please keep watching our website to see the latest deals .
please check your reply about this matter . hopefully we 've got you what you wanted .
i have passed this on to the customer service team . we are sorry for the delay .
we are unaware of any issues at this point regarding said issue , but we would like to take a closer look at it to possible come up with a solution to the problem . could you provide us with your mobile number so we can begin the process for you ?
it should be back in the next few days .
we want to see how beautiful everyone looks .. go ahead and brave the cold !
we are so happy that john was able to help your mom . this is the stuff we love to hear !
<USER> get up and get some ! we promise it will be delicious . you can even buy it at your local grocery stores ! <URL>
thank you for letting us know about the issue
we have worked really hard on this , but occasionally it does happen with gluten free bread .
sorry to hear you 're disappointed . we still have the best chicken on the planet !
hello i would like to help you with the trouble you are having . please contact me with specifics .
hi <USER> , we are looking into your issue and will email as soon as possible . thank you !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you . sorry for the delay .
hello , and thank you for your message . please send a dm so that we can follow up and get to the bottom of this issue for you .
please dm us so we can look into the issue
really ? that 's not right . can you dm us with details of your complaint so we can resolve this ?
thank you for the feedback , we strive to have the best taste and quality .
this is certainly not the impression we like to make . please dm me and let me know what happened . i will do my best to assist !
it is possible and this is one of the rare times
sorry for the inconvenience . contact @payumoneycare for more help .
it was fantastic . glad we could be of service . take care .
please bring the vehicle to any holden dealership and they can assist you . please visit <URL> to find local dealers .
i understand but were you able to get everything solved . you can dm me if you need additional help .
yes , regardless of condition the dresser will be recalled .
good suggestion . we will pass it on to the design team .
this is not acceptable , do you have pictures of the damage ?
thank you for being a participant !
i am so sorry to hear about your trouble with the flight . we want you to be satisfied with your experience , please visit this url for further compensation .
no problem , any time .
i would love to see about getting this fixed . could you plese dm me
same dance , different song . this just means you are using wind 's home network .
its going okay , well inform you when it is ready .
it might have been a one time issue , we apologize
i 'm sorry that you 're experiencing difficulty with our systems currently . if you 'd like to dm i can try to get to the bottom of your issue .
we have sent in the request for you . hope that resolves it .
what happened ? please email <E-MAIL> so we can resolve the issue !
this is such a horrible combination ! sorry you had to experience this .
good work .
try our store locator and put in your postal code and the product you wish to find .
please send your tracking number and tell us how we can best contact you . sorry for the delay .
awesome ! thrilled that everyone enjoyed themselves .
you 're welcome . thank you for using our service .
can you please dm your contact and store info so we can contact you about this ?
thanks for being patient about all of this , we 've got the info out at our team and they will get back to you as quickly as they can .
thanks ! i will have our team investigate .
although fedex is running some service has been delayed .
i know the feeling ! the same happens to me . go figure !
woohoo ! tweet us your pics and you might see yourself on the humongotron !
i apologize i cannot confirm details on future releases but please check our page for updates !
thank you for reaching out to us . you can check out the closest store to you as we do not currently ship to denmark .
please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can assist you further in this matter .
sorry for the mistake and the new board will start on monday .
please dm us with your contact information . we 'd like to resolve your issue .
we are so sorry to hear about this . please dm us your phone / account number so we can make this right for you . thanks !
i apologize that you are unhappy with your experience . we would love to hear from you .
we apologize for the problems you are having . please dm us with your email so we can help you .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
that 's what we do . :) thanks for your patience .
we appreciate the support ! proud to be #qlder <URL>
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
so happy we could help you ! we 've always got your back - remember that ! have a great week . ;)
we hope to see you there !
yes , long haul flights always have entertainment .
we will work this out with @payumoneycare and will help you
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
its a great flick
so glad that you love our company as much as we do !
aww shucks you have me blushing at my keyboard ! we think you and your dad are special too !
thanks for the feedback , what was the name of the rep so we can let him know ?
it 's been a disappointing season for sure . i think the next on ought to be better .
please send us a dm with your order numbers . we are happy to help .
hey , this is really concerning to us , send a dm and we can assist you .
wow , yeah , sounds like a tough day . we really want to help you ! dm us or <E-MAIL> . we want to hear more about the details of this situation .
sorry that that happened . please dm us your case information , and i will transfer it to the correct team to help you .
we 're so sorry to hear about this ! can you please dm us more details , and your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help !
your request is noted .
i am sorry to hear this . dm me your contact info and someone will get back to your shortly .
sorry about that ! our team is working on the problem right now .
yes ! let 's go #aus thanks for your support ! #rio2016
so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
we did , but we do have a store up and running ! here 's the link !
can 't wait to see how it turns out !
details coming soon on those tix <USER> ! stayed tuned at <URL>
awesome ! can 't wait to hear how you like them !
the myspace days ah !
oh , i 'm sorry , what can i do to help ?
thank you for the heads up , we 'll fix this asap !
please provide the screenshots
thanks for reaching out ! the bands are in the order they appear on our website . we 'll be happy to share your interest with our product team .
if you email customer service here <E-MAIL> you can get an update on your order . our apologizes for the issue .
thanks for the support ~ #uptheblues
thanks for asking <USER> we anticipate the store to open in late fall 2017 , hope this helps .
hello ; we 're sorry to hear of your frustrating experience . please send a pm so we can call you and work this out .
i 'm sorry you are unable to locate the video link , let me help you with that . i am attaching the link again for you here at the bottom of this message . once you locate the link here , you need only click on the link and the video will generate and you will be able to view it .
80s without a doubt .
what is the train number so that i can get more details to you .
so sorry to hear about this , <USER> . have you been able to get through ? if not , send us a dm with your number and we 'll look into it for you .
hi <USER> , i apologize for any issues you are having . is there anything i can assist you with today ?
we are trying though !
glad you are enjoying them !
beautiful picture , <USER> . thanks for all the #lexuslove
yes is is safe ,
always great to hear from a customer .
can you please get in touch with us at <E-MAIL> ?
our service team will be with you shortly . thank you .
let me assist you . dm me with your order numbers and i will check into it .
i 'm not sure . both are not fantastic .
the pleasure is all mine .
aww , we love you too ! enjoy !
the scheduled release is late summer / fall . if you will visit this link <URL> then you will be able to receive it before the general public .
yes , we think our beast is quite beautiful as well . fetching is right ! thanks for the love .
thank you , the order is set to arrive tomorrow .
i 'm sorry that you are experiencing difficulties . to better serve you , could i ask you to dm your name , and account number ?
so glad you had a good experience . :)
thanks for reaching out to us . please send us a dm with details so we can check it out .
yes of course . can you send me your order number ?
when does it start ?
please find more details at <URL> .
can you please tell me what the complaint is ?
we will be receiving more in the coming weeks , stay tuned !
awesome ! thanks for the head 's up !
the payment to process and then the item will ship
hi <USER> , does the tuition take any store credit ?
hello , mike sorry to hear this @vmbusinesshelp will give you a update .
you will not have to pay to replace it .
i apologize for the confusion .
i 'm sorry to hear you 're not happy ! if you have any comments or suggestions about specs , please contact our mobile team @lgusamobile !
it looks amazing !
so happy you are using and enjoying the service . cheers .
i am sorry to hear this . perhaps you can try another browser and i will pass this on to customer care .
it looks like these items are not in stock , so we 've issued a full refund . sorry about the inconvenience !
please contact us so we can help resolve your issues .
woohoo ! <USER> got it ! <URL> #supergalove #boxfresh
that 's kind of it , yes !
they are two separate events and there will be an area to hang out in between the two !
what is your favorite color
we want to help you with this . so sorry this happened . please go to <URL> customer service !
sorry to hear that , you should be eligible for compensation , please check <URL> .
interesting article and viewpoints . can we discuss them privately ?
no you wont get charged if you did not order it , if anything you can keep it for the inconvenience we caused you
we love our customers
good luck !
sorry to hear about your experience . how can i help ?
hi there <USER> . call us for more assistance <NUMBERS> or visit <URL> . thank you !
send us a m with your questions for us to answer .
nice ! be sure to stop by at the @purelycosmetics booth !
thank you for your information .
thanks for your review !
that should not be a frustrating experience , what can i do to make it easier ?
we try and respond as quickly as possible , have a great day .
can you please dm me your address , number , and name ? i 'd love to look into this . thanks
thank you for letting us know
none ! we only have movie trailers at this time .
we try our best to give back . thanks for your feedback , <USER> :)
thanks for sharing and good luck !
thanks for reaching out ! we have read and responded to your message .
we 're very sorry we haven 't lived up to your expectations . we 'd like to know exactly what your problems are . please contact us through dm to share the details of your issue .
hello , it looks like it should release some time in december .
our team is working on it
we hope so too ! if you have any other issues , we 'll be happy to help .
can you dm us the code you are trying to use ?
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can help !
hello <USER> can you email us at <E-MAIL> with more details
we will give you credit if its necassary
i apologize for the inconvenience ! please dm your contact number so that we can contact you directly !
thanks for notifying us ! can you dm us more details ? thanks !
hello ! we sent you a dm with all the update info we have .
please dm us for further assistance
i am sure you are going to love them . we have worked on them to get them perfect .
send me a dm so we can look up your tracking info .
i am sorry that we failed to meet your expectations . we strive to provide only the freshest and tastiest foods which is why you have our guarantee . can you send me your email and i 'd be happy to compensate you for your dissatisfaction .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
sorry to hear about the wind issues . please contact our @wind_cares team for a possible fix .
it is important to us that you receive great service . i 'm very sorry for your experience . i 'm forwarding your case over to our customer service team for further assistance .
hi please send us a dm with the website address issue that you are having please ! we 'll get back to you right away .
hello <USER> . your orders were shipped on 3/12 and 5/12 , but i am unable to provide tracking as they were not sent airmail .
show us what you 've got <USER>
we 're sorry this product isn 't in stock ! we 're working to get it back asap . thanks for your patience !
we at journeys are authorized toms retailers . you can check out our current offerings at this website .
sorry for the confusion . i am forwarding your concerns to the appropriate department .
can you please dm us an email address we can reach you at ?
do not worry , you can do this , we have individual driver ed courses available if you want some last second practice .
i 'm very sorry to hear you 're feeling that way . what can i do to help you feel more at ease ?
and we love you as well
we have reached out to them and everything should be fine now !
sorry to hear you are having problems with our assembly design . never hesitate to call customer support to see if we can help .
hello <USER> ! this 7:29 am train was cancelled today due to crew shortage
lord help us !
we 're so sorry about that ! we 're sorting this out with our team so we can manually remove your subscription .
please message us with your account info so we can look into this for you .
very happy we could assist you today !
hello , please let me know exactly what you are looking for and i will help you with the person to contact .
i 'll shoot you a dm with more details .
unfortunately we don 't offer saturday delivery
i am sorry to hear this . send me a dm with the details and i will look into this for you .
we 're sorry to hear about your issues . please see <URL> for the contact info for lg india
if the reset does not work you may have to have it repaired
awesome , <USER> ! we hope you love the coffee as much as we do .
no problem . i can transfer you over to someone in our card services department , which is located in canada . you 'll be speaking to someone from there shortly .
this sounds like a great idea ! we will take note !
if you dm us the order number , we 'll be happy to assist you .
please find instructions at this link for return information . <URL>
hello , can you please provide the details of your location so i can assist you .
we are sorry to hear that , please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
if you can dm me your policy number and contact info i can get back to your shortly .
no need to buy a new phone , you should be able to just download the free data through the app store .
please send us a dm so we can help you out .
we are sorry about the confusion . which part is wrong ?
thank you .
welcome to wind !
we will work on it !
i assure you , all the nkrumah heads are out on the market . we believe in you <USER> !
yes , i am and it is great . good find . cheers
we 're so sorry about that ! can you please dm us the details ? we 'd be happy to help .
#tunedin !
shoot us a dm and we 'd be happy to sort this out for you .
hello . yes , you can . please have your receipt with you upon return .
wow . that is terrible news . can you send us through a dm your tracking number please ?
hello . you package was shipped . here is your shipping information <URL> .
thanks for the rt :)
and we 're in love with you . seriously !
i 'm sorry for the problem . please message your details to the following email and we will send your refund to your email . ( x@email.com )
sorry to hear about this . please dm or send us an <E-MAIL> with your username for more help .
one we are able to do an update , we will call you back with the status of your package .
we are excited for you
good night !
sorry but they are no longer available please refer to our catalog for more choices . thanks
sorry you are having problems . please contact customer service for further help . thanks
i 'm sorry for your poor experience . we will follow up with that location .
happy to hear they are working out for you and thanks for sharing !
our team will be in touch shortly with an update .
sounds fun ! are you going to share ?
you 're correct ! the contest starts in an hour . best of luck to you
we 're sorry to hear about this , can you send us a direct message so that we can better look into this issue ?
go to nyc for the weekend to get some .
thanks for your feedback !
hmm . it sounds explosive . :)
we 're so sorry to hear about this . send us a dm and we 'll help you out :)
i am very sorry for your problem , please forward a phone number that i can contact you so we can resolve this issue .
you shall hear from us soon !
hello user . i think that we have changed to formula slightly just recently , which is why you are seeing something new .
so sorry to hear that . please email me the details and we will see what we can do !
please send your order number so i can look into this for you .
thanks for the contact . please dm me and i will personally fix your problem . thanks
thank you . someone will dm you a more specific response when it is known .
we are working on it !
well , we certainly recommend you try out our other line of sneakers as well ! they have a similar feel to our cordones line .
glad you enjoyed the show . thanks for coming .
can you send me your account number through dm so we can make this better for you ?
happy to be of service !
how exciting , we are happy that you are happy .
chiefs fans are always welcome .
hello . there 's a number of options to help you convert the videos .
it is nice . i wish i were outside !
we 've received your message ! someone will be in touch with you shortly . thanks !
no , i can 't see those emails ! did you receive an automated reply ?
some of these delays are not in our hands and we cannot do much about , but we can offer you vouchers . hope you understand
how we can help ?
thank you for bringing this to our attention , i have passed this on to a technician so that it can be looked at promptly !
i am sorry to hear this and hope that our customer service department can help you .
you can definitely return it , please email <E-MAIL> .
hello ! yes , we have an area for strollers so you can enjoy the game .
thanks ! we love your continued support .
thanks for your support . i 'm cheering for the aussies too !
so sorry to hear about this . bringing in @vmbusinesshelp colleauges who should be able to help you out .
hi <USER> , can i be of assistance ?
we agree with you . our goal is to connect people to the natural world .
please provide some details about your experience .
sorry to hear that . there may be a temporary snag with the service , try back in an hour or two .
we can help you out . which store did you purchase them in ?
we have just sent you an email with details
sorry about this . could you please send me an email ( email ) so we can make this right
that is good , hope you get the job .
so glad to hear that you enjoy working for us ! thank you for the feedback and service . :)
i apologize for any inconvenience , . may i ask who at the store you spoke to ?
i 'm sorry for the inconvenience , <USER> . it should be showing you that there is no restriction on that item . i 'll notify tech about this . thank you for bringing it to our attention .
can you try opening the link in a different browser ?
it 's not discontinued , just temporarily out of stock .
could you please dm us and explain this issue fully ?
thats the way to rock the day ! how do you take your brew ?
well said . what did you order ?
sorry for the unsatisfactory experience - we are working on revamping the mobile website . please provide feedback at <URL> , greatly appreciated !
hi , <USER> ! if you purchased your ticket ( s ) online or over the phone and would like a refund , you may send your ticket ( s ) back to the following address : 2nd floor , college park house , 20 nassau street , dublin 2 .
thank you for the support .
a team member will assist you as soon as possible .
heck your order info to find the order number .
please contact the agents at the following number for help with that : 03456 07 08 09
wow ! those were some great shots . thank for the shout out .
that 's what we 're here for ! :) let us know if there 's ever anything else we can help with .
i will have someone contact you tomorrow with the answer .
i am sorry that your visit was not satisfactory . please let me know your reservation number so i can investigate .
call our info desk to get the best alternate routing .
so glad you found your mojo ! , have a great day <USER> !
you can call customer service and they will assist you , or go to our website , and click track my order .
let us know if we can provide further assistance .
hi <USER> , glad to hear you like the bread !
we are very sorry that you have this incovenient , we will make the relevant investigations , did you grab the bus number ?
we don 't carry those tickes as this is not our event . sorry but check us out for future events .
hi <USER> if you are having billing issues , i would love to help you
we will fix this for you , sorry about the issues , send us your pm .
thanks for the love . it 's appreciated !
sorry about that , we are looking into the issues now !
congrats on another 200k miles !
i am sorry but we don 't have the ability to add social media icons to your cards . however that are some customers that uses that to indicate social media pages .
let me check if we have your order in stock . do you have your order number on hand ?
thank you for making us aware . your concerns have been forwarded to correct team to assist .
yes ! as real as real gets .
you 've been unlucky ! please message us your registration / vin so we can further assist you .
sorry , but have you enrolled in our loyalty plan , it can make things cheaper .
oh , i understand . glad i could assist you .
please dm the number and we will check into it .
im so sorry to hear that . customer service will be in touch .
please press * 118 .
to unsubscribe text tfsstop to 83080 .
hi - could you please follow up & dm me with more info so i can investigate this ? thanks !
thanks for the interest . you can reach us at <E-MAIL>
hello . we are not sure so check back two days from now for further information .
sorry about that . please send your details to our email regarding this post , thanks !
feel free to suggest any titles you want to see on netflix via this link : <URL> we want to hear from you
