will you please contact our customer service line with your order number ? i want to get this resolved for you as soon as possible .
amazing images !
its our pleasure . any time .
hi fam , it 's 45925 try it and let us know how that goes .
i 'll forward this to the staff who will be able to help you .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
yes , you can get this taken care of in-store . :)
hello . sorry to hear you 're having trouble . 57 is the initial price . please enter promo code 10off to get the 47 . thank you .
there are few in stores right now and we will be receiving new shipments from @adidas on september .
please contact customer support at <URL> . thank you .
please dm your name , delivery address , tracking # and phone # so we can look into this .
totally needing more sleep , we are headed to the hotel and going to crash out in a comfy bed . sorry we will miss you !
performance should start in about ten minutes as scheduled . thanks .
hello <USER> . at the time there isn 't any restocking information available , but we will forward your request to our product team . have a blessed day !
thanks for a great show , love you
we love them too ! thanks <USER> !
we apologize for your inconvenience , flights can be delayed , however , your safety is our primary concern , please call our help line or visit our website for more information or assistance .
i am sorry to hear this . please pm me so i can look into it further .
thanks for the feedback . merry christmas !
thank you so much . have a great weekend !
could you please call us on <NUMBERS> ? we would like to address your issues .
i 'm so sorry for the long wait time ! did you get through to an agent yet ? if you didn 't , please dm me your phone number and i 'll get an agent to call you right away .
can you tell us the model number ?
thank you for letting us know !
we love them ! thanks for using us !
can you dm us the vehicle 's vin so we can look further into your question ?
thank you for the information . we will investigate this asap .
our support team is on this , and you should receive your code soon .
the rewards center is online and lists the cashback offers available . please let me know if you need further assistance located the rewards center . have a great day .
your flight delay could make you eligible for compensation . file a claim .
great to hear ! for #redboxtake5sweepstakes be sure to send a photo of you and redbox , as your entry :)
i 'm sorry to hear that . please send us your contact information and the details and we will be able to refund your money . thank youf for bringing this to our attention .
<USER> sorry to hear that you are experiencing difficulties , have you been able to get through yet ?
we don 't have any copies here i 'm sorry ,
what did you use with your bath ?
it looks like it will be a lovely day !
they don 't expire :)
i 'm sorry . that 's not at all what i meant to do . we do also have a department where we have interns that you might be interested if you 'd like to dm me your email .
madonna typically tells us like it is .
thank you for your comment
so sorry to hear that if you follow this link <URL> you can get a refund .
so sorry to hear about that ! please dm us so that we can further assist you with that . thanks !
what a great accomplishment !
we apologize for the wait and thanks for your patience . support will help you soon . thanks
can you send a dm with your location and number so that i can look into the outage ?
that 's a lot of ingredients ! how long did it take you to make that shake ?
whoa , that 's terrific ! we enjoyed that .
hi there , the times are estimated based on the schedules and gps .
hello , we will reply to your email with a solution soon !
you as well !
you 're welcome to give us a call on <NUMBERS>
looking good !
we 're so sorry to hear about your service issues ! can you please dm us your contact info and some details ? we 'd be happy to help !
hi ! we are glad to be seeing you and your friends this morning . we 'll save a seat for you all !
did you activate any package ?
sorry , i don 't understand . could you clarify ?
really , penguins ?
hmm , thats not how that should be . im sorry youve had these troubles . can you dm us with a little more information like location so that we can further assist ?
glad to hear it 's going well ! let us know if you need more help . :)
use this email to contact our team
ok . let me check if that email was received .
great value
we will see in due time
thanks <USER>
good news , crossland x is now available at our showrooms for you to view ! <URL>
we love it there too !
you are so welcome !
maybe we can help . go to <URL> for possible compensation , and we are sorry for the delay .
try this step . clear cache the link is here <URL> for detailed instructions on how to do that .
we do our best to reply to all emails within a business day .
here 's a link for route planning assistance !
love it . zingers are love .
i would use a 5 count , myself .
i can understand your irritation . i 'll do what i can to see that you are remunerated for your time spent .
i can send you some companies that have lower rates right now .
enjoy your travels and photos ! we love our @uknikon customers !
interesting movie choice ...
it is rare but it does happen , please return to the store for credit
if you can give more info in a dm i would be happy to help you .
this is great day for you . enjoy !
let us know if you need assistance with that
check your messages for our response . have a great day .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! shoot us a dm or send an email to <E-MAIL> and we can get this sorted .
the issue is finished and it is time to move forward . so sorry
you are welcome , thanks for being a great place .
we would like to help you , can you dm us your account details ?
sorry to hear about your experience . please message me your email so we can help rectify this situation .
i 'm sorry that is not really possible .
we do not currently have any lanyards .
we will be restocking them soon !
please contact us for immediate resolution .
you can call the customer concern line to get further instructions .
hello . would you like me look into the problem . i can probably resolve it for you .
please check <URL> for more information about the aldi that 's closest to you .
we are always working on issues . what is your exact problem ?
how long should i expect to wait ?
sorry about the trouble ! is there anything specific we can help you with ?
i 'm sorry you 're having problems . let me look up the nearent store so that you can take it in .
haha i love dancing too
i 'm sorry to hear that . we can offer you compensation if you visit <URL> .
we have shoes that can be used from 0-6 months . hope that helps !
we are sorry about this . please send us a report at this link :
glad to hear it !
hello this is heather , i would like to investigate , please dm the information to me .
so sorry to hear about this experience . can you please dm more details about your visit so we can document it and make it right for you ?
you could actually be eligible to get your money back .
so sorry to hear this . please send us a dm so we can assist further .
we can help , please dm us with your number and we can directly help you .
awesome thank you
we can do some steps to fix this , let me know your number so we can get started .
sorry to hear about your negative experience . please dm us or email us at <E-MAIL> so we can make things right .
i am sorry hear this . if you need to modify your stay you can contact <NUMBERS> toll free to make a change .
we hate to hear about bad experiences . if you would dm or send an email to <E-MAIL> we will see what we can do to help .
we 're sorry , contact us so we can make this right
please send a dm so we can figure it out .
thank you for providing that information to me
hello <USER> , 24 hours is a typical , standard on demand rental agreement . we 're sorry that this does not work for you , but this is the restrictions given to us by movie companies themselves .
sorry for the experience , please dm or email us at <E-MAIL> and we can assist you further
thanks for the feeback ! we are working hard on developing our vegan brand to address these concerns .
that 's amazing !
we are glad we have your support . #uptheblues
we think they 're all great !
have to attempted to contact out tech support line ?
congrats on the dieting . it is easy to lose with us . cheers
i hate to hear this . what can i do to help ?
hello . please send me a dm so i can take care of this for you .
we have broader plans in the future , when those become concrete we will let you know .
if you would contact the customer service division we can look into this problem .
i 'm sorry to hear that you 're having an issue . can you give me more information about which card reader is giving you problems ?
thans <USER> , we are glad to know your shopping experience was satisfactory
please send a dm with your email address .
yes we do , just send us an image of proof of price !
haha <USER> for sure you did ! good work , i look forward to the assessment after the fact .
could you provide me with the location you rented from and the titles you rented ?
thank you for the feedback ! ! hope to see you again soon !
glad you like the product
thank you for this information . the order has been refunded and a new credit code issued .
you can enroll in our gamers club unlocked program online at anytime .
hello there . you 'll have to confirm this with a dealership .
thanks for your support .
love the pic . thanks for posting .
hello ! can i help you today ? send me a dm of your info and we can go from there .
{ }
this should not be happening , please provide your tracking # so i can expidite this .
your flight delay could make you eligible for compensation . file a claim .
we recommend this bad boy ! <URL>
we couldn 't agree more . thanks for playing with us !
we 're sorry our inventory sometimes only allows for stock to be online and not in store .
please bring the vehicle to your local dealership for a technical tune up .
very true !
you might be eligible for compensation for your cancelled flight .
we are sorry for the delay ! how can we make it right for you ?
let me look that up for you .
im so sorry to hear ! can you send a dm with a little more detail so that we can further assist ?
send us a dm with your email and phone / account number and we will resolve this for you .
we don ; t have that info but may i suggest contacting the city ?
we all have those kind of days .
we are very sorry , please email <E-MAIL> .
please dm us so we can help you out .
contact customer service and we will connect you with our list of options .
please try calling again and if you are unable to resolve the issue by phone send me a dm and i will try to assist further .
good point . send us a dm with your contact details so we can sort it out ,
please dm us with our info so we can help you further .
sorry that happened , send us your information and we can assist you asap
we are sorry about this please dm us your email address so we can get you a pdf .
yes i can check local store for you , may i have your city , state and zip code of your address ?
please send us your bus number or itinerary number so we can see what 's going wrong .
okay ! we can look into that for you . please send us a dm with your order number .
thanks for letting us know . i have passed this on .
unfortunately on eco friendly business cards are offered at this time . i will be sure to forward your feedback .
not likely , it is very popular and we may run out by december
thank you for joining us ! feel free to share your good time !
that does not sound right , let me look into this for youi
<USER> we 're super sorry about that . please reach out to our customer supper <URL> .
love the great shots frankie !
sorry to hear that , will you like to go to a dealership that is not close to your town ?
hello , i can check the status of your package if you provide me with some more information such as your tracking # or phone number .
i 'd like to help you . can you give me more details on your issue ?
we apologize for the delay . i 'll page the command center and find out how much longer before the pilot arrives .
yes .
i would love to look into this . please dm me your order number .
we don ; t know yet . just stay tuned with our news feeds and twitter posts .
this is not acceptable , please provide your info so we can resolve this
check our recently launched customer care page and you will receive a response shortly .
always aim to please , glad you were able to enjoy the game , go aussies !
sorry for the delay , we have responded to your dm .
a great deal for a great shirt ! we hope you love it !
thanks for the shoutout ! hope you can make it to mega band night :D
glad you are satisfied <USER>
we allow up to 10 business days from your purchase date .
we 're currently having technical issues . please hang tight as we resolve it asap .
thanks ! so glad that we could help .
good job ! be safe on the roads !
hey sassy , thanks for reaching out , which size do you need , we 'd be happy to share feedback
we can help ! please come back and we can remove . we will also provide a certificate for a new outfit of your choice for the troubles .
this is the email that you will need to send your comments to .
we have just followed you , send that dm !
can you please contact <E-MAIL> so we can look into this for you ?
hi ! please dm us the vehicle vin so we can help you with this .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you please dm us your contact info and order details ? we 'd be happy to help .
hi <USER> , how can we help you today ?
hi , has she tried any of our other products ? i can recommend a few for her to check out .
yeah . i can 't even remember the last time i went to a party where people dressed up .
i ma not sure what that is !
the best way to get this resolved is if you go to your jeep dealership , the list can be found here <URL> .
let 's check your details against our system , please dm me for more information .
we 're so sorry that you 're having an issue . if this is still a problem , dm us with more details and we 'll get to the bottom of this .
please send us a dm with the email so we can check it out .
hello todd you simply select the size that you need and then you place your code during checkout in the box if you need further assistance please contact our support team at 188-377-6432 and they will be able to walk you through it
damage probably wouldn 't occur immediately , but long term i do not recommend it . thanks <USER> .
i 'm glad that we were able to fix the problem for you <USER> :) .
sorry to hear that . what route are you on ?
sure . you can go here url to do that .
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can take care of this !
we are sorry to hear about your issue , please give us a call at <NUMBERS>
so excited
please dm us the location and we will look into it
yup , it definitely is ! #yxyy @willolovesyou @sanfranannie @hillary @jhagel
sorry to hear about your flight delay troubles . check us out here for solutions <URL>
we are working on it ! thank you !
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
sorry about that ! what issues are you experiencing ?
that is an unusual long wait , have you tried calling back ?
we 've been getting more traffic then usual please try again
please provide more details to <E-MAIL> so we can fix it !
hello ! we 're so sorry , but we can 't modify an existing order . here 's a link to return or exchange your item ( s ) .
they are very sensitive , it might need to be adjusted . please contact us here at subaru
sorry to hear about your bad experience ! can we help you here ?
we are sorry to hear that , safety is a priority , please contact us at <NUMBERS>
we will be sure to share this with our team , thanks for the feedback .
thanks for your support ! c 'mon oz !
can you be more specific about the issue you 're having ?
i want to help . please send me all of your information and describe exactly what happened .
we will look into adding it , stay tuned for details !
oh no ! we 're sorry your order didn 't come by christmas . please dm us your order number and we can look into this for you .
hi , we replied to your dm . thanks !
we are receiving refugees from jordan .
we are sorry for the inconvenience . please call us at <NUMBERS> and one of our capable mobile support team will be happy to assist you
hi <USER> , i 'd like to assist you in regard 's to getting compensated for your flight delay .
have you contacted our customer service team ?
hi , <USER> . what seems to be the problem ?
thank you for letting us know . we 're looking into it !
we apologize for that . provide your details .
beer sales will end during the cavs game . snacks and non-alcoholic beverages will be available .
please send a dm with more details , we 'd love to hear more .
i am sorry to hear about the difficulty you are having with your warranty . have you tried contacting customer service at <NUMBERS> ?
can you dm us your vin number and when and where purchased please ?
we 're sorry to hear that . please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can check it out
hi <USER> , this is carol . i would be happy to look into what went wrong with your delivery . please dm me your name & tracking number and i 'll get on that right away .
the gates will open at 7:00 tonight . see you there !
let me see what we can do to help , were you ever sent a validation email ?
no they do not .
can you provide us with some more details ?
great to hear !
that is actually what we are trying to do !
sorry you 're having such a long day . you may be eligible for some compensation . you can check here <URL> .
hello <USER> , i am sorry to report that a cash in store option is not available at this time . i will share your feedback with the proper department . thank you for choosing best buy and have a great day .
thanks for the support !
thank you so much for enjoying our service , your cards are amazing and we love your creativity !
you 're the best customers <3
ok , i have tried a few things on our end , can you try restarting your phone again and let me know what it does ?
westbourne motors are 5 minutes away .
here 's a link to our newest products !
sorry we are bringing this issue up with our team now . we will contact your shortly .
hello , sorry for your frustrations . could you please dm your order information so i can look in to this matter for you .
unfortunately , we only support products in the u . s . a . for the proper support channels , please visit <URL>
i am sorry to learn of the difficulty you are having . have you reached out to our customer service department at <NUMBERS> . they may be of further assistance to you .
so glad to hear it was sorted out !
not bad right , glad you love our rates
please send us a dm so we can help out .
please contact our customer service team and we 'll see if we can work something out !
we have replied to your dm to be of better assistance .
we understand all concerns , and we can assure you that we are working hard to solve this issue .
if you need anything else just dm us .
thanks . good to know it was helpful and thank you for sharing it .
the coming soon page is still up <URL>
glad you 're coming out to see us .
hello , do you need assistance ? please dm us your order number and we can look into the shipment .
you have to be a pro <USER> , congrats !
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
good things come to loyal people , for sure . keep an eye out .
competition is healthy .
low rates are effective january 1st , 2016 .
hey hey <USER> i 'd love to help . you can dm me directly and we can figure it out together !
there is no such thing as ' too excited ' for project runway ! :) )
i 'm right there , too .
sorry about the delay , we are working on it now
sorry , please give us your order number and we 'll follow up on it .
we combine it when it 's collected and then it 's sorted when it gets to the waste facility .
hmmm . interesting !
we apologize for this unfortunate incident . please speak to the manager at the store for further assistance
really sorry and i fully understand . dm me asap and i will look into this right away for you . thank you .
we 're so sorry for the miscommunication on your order . we can see that the order has been revolved . let me know if there 's anything else you need !
would you consider making a detailed suggestion regarding this , via web ?
please contact us at this number
do you have a specific reason why you want to get rid of it ?
we are glad you enjoy it !
we do not have an exact date yet , but we will keep you updated .
we have a variety of cards and i 'm sure one would work for you
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
if you could please <E-MAIL> us we can look into this
yes sure . can you dm us your email you use with your starbuck 's account ?
maybe , hit me up
sorry to hear that . please send your feedback to customer care and we 'll work on it
thanks for supporting ! @aus #rio2016 .
that could be . he 's definitely on twitter these days !
we have responded .
there are so many to use !
we are currently working on this , we do recognize that that this current situation is not the best .
send me a dm with your number and someone will contact you shortly .
we want redbox users to be satisfied . dm us and will make your next movie night better .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
we are excited to have you on our team as well .
probably not anything specific that you did , but please let us know if the status isn 't updated within 2 days .
thanks . your comments have been passed on to them .
our artisan bread is stocked by little elves who only come out at night .
everything should be working fine now . if you have any further issues , please don 't hesitate to contact us .
we apologize for the inconvenience . we were just finishing some technical upgrades to our site . now everything is back up and running , so please try again .
oops . sorry you are experiencing an issue . i have sent a message to our tech team to be sure the servers are plugged in :) in the meantime make sure you clear your cache and try from incognito mode !
go team !
let us know if you need anything in the future .
hi <USER> , did you send your email to <E-MAIL> ? if not , could you please re-send to that address ?
thank you for telling us how you feel about our product . it allows us to better our service and offer better products .
once again sorry for the inconvenience . we want to compensate you for the problems . please advise . thanks .
we should be restocking them soon . if you send me your email , we will let you know when they arrive .
your plan can be changed when it expires and you will not need to purchase a new sim unless you desire .
yikes . sorry to hear you 've have issues with your tires . can you send a dm with details about your vehicle and your email ? thanks !
we apologize for the inconvenience ! i 'm currently looking into your order and refund right now , i 'll update you shortly .
i 'm writing in the dark right now .
sorry that you are experiencing this difficulty . can you please dm us with your information so we can look into this matter further for you .
we can help you file a claim for reimbursement .
we have responded to your dm .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
did you make the purchase with points ?
of course we do ! #coffeeforlife
we would have to cancel the order and then reorder .
join the club ! i can help . let 's talk .
we will send maintenance to your room asap ! please dm with your hotel and room information .
we are looking into this issue , we will dm you back shortly .
we are bending over backwards now to help head on over to <URL> and file a case . let 's see what we can do to help you . sorry to hear this happened .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
sure , we 'd love to help . send us a dm with details if you don 't mind !
yes how could we not be ?
hey there ! im sorry your package has not arrived . can you please dm your name address for the delivery and tracking as well as a good contact number so that i can further assist ?
we are sorry that you were not happy about the service . please dm us your contact information so we can contact you directly to resolve your issue .
please dm me your information and i will try to take care of it .
resiliency is a very important quality .
please ensure no sale , charity or other offers are in your basket for this code to work
if you could dm me more details of your stay i will get back to you .
please check out our software upgrade page here <URL>
good luck ! hope you make out big .
that is great news <USER>
thank you for your interest ! could you dm us so we can assist you further ?
if you do not receive it by tomorrow please dm us .
awesome ! what 's at the top of your wish list ?
can you please tell me what sizes you wanted , i can see what you ordered and would like to confirm ? your reimbursement will be processed after the return has arrived at our facility .
please send us a dm and we 'll check your order out .
would you be so kind as to dm me the details ? i would be honored if you would allow me to help you with this issue .
there is a huge one in union square , please visit us
can you dm us your tracking number so we can further assist you ?
we will always be releasing new and exciting things to try !
please send us a dm we want to help !
i have done that . is there a supervisor or manager i can speak with .
i can not discuss this issue on a public forum for security reasons . i will respond through your dm .
i have located your refund and will dm you with details . it does appear we tried to refund but there was an issue . we will work on it now .
we apologize for the experience you have encountered .
that is so unfortunate to hear . please dm me the store location and time of day you were there and your email so i can send you some compensation . many thanks .
feel free to dm us with more details so we can fix this .
could you please provide me with your order number ? i would be happy to look into that for you .
can you contact us at customer service ? we 'd hate to lose a loyal customer .
i will need your return # . would you like a refund or store credit ? the pants are sold out for size 29 .
here 's an <E-MAIL> address you can send your report to . here 's your new case number , <NUMBERS>
it was a coleman handball in the box .
we love collabing !
so excited for you ! !
sure send us a dm of your cross street and zip code and we can help you out .
is there something we can help you with ?
this is not good . please send us a dm with your account into so we can check it out .
yes , they will go through the x-ray ! enjoy your travels !
thank you !
sorry i 'm showing one arriving in 5 minutes
there is a service disruption and we are working on it now . please continue to let us know your issues .
thanks for the support
sounds perfect !
so beautiful , i am impressed
we love that you love them , <USER> ! thanks for the feedback .
we 're so sorry to hear about this . can you send us a dm so we can help out ?
so sorry to hear about your problem , i 'd love to hear about it and see what we can do . thanks !
please send us a dm so we can help you with this .
sorry about the problems . sounds like we can help . if you could send us an email to <E-MAIL> and refer back to this post . i will do my best . thank you .
i recommend you close out all background applications and do a soft reset of your device to improve speed .
did you check the url i suggested ? i can 't really be of more help without more information except to recommend the moto g4 forum at <URL> .
dm us the order number for further assistance . sorry for the inconvenience .
it works similarly to a freezer .
we 're so sorry to hear this . please tell us more at <URL> and we can hopefully make this right .
we are very sorry , it looks like a bus just arrived at your destination , were you able to catch it ?
that 's great . thank you for being one of our responsible members .
that 's right - winners never quit ! go powerade !
we will have it soon
please check <URL> for our compensation guidelines .
thank you for notifying us , we have seen and responded to your message .
enjoy your food !
i saw your tweet ! is it this <URL> ? sign into your account and check .
defective moto e4 plus replacement .
sometimes one neighbor can have power due to being on a different circut . hopefully it wont be too much longer
im sorry you missed the announcement . it may have been too hard to hear at the time . have you gotten on your way yet ?
that 's awesome ! we do apologize for the inconveniences caused .
glad to hear ! we appreciate you as a customer .
i 'm really sorry to hear about this <USER> . please dm us with your personal details and the issue you encountered and we 'll look into it .
could you give me your flight numbers and i can assist from here while we look into the app .
aww ! that is so sweet ! how 's he doing ?
check with our sale team .
i 'm glad to hear that you like the stickers !
so sorry to hear about this issue . which product are you trying to purchase ?
no need to connect camera , just insert memory card into the computer and copy the firmware file .
hello . unfortunately that is the only way we are able to offer pre-orders at this time . i would suggest you try again closer to the delivery date . i apologize .
we will look into this problem if you could send us a dm .
sorry for the wait we will be out to help you shortly
if you could please send us a dm we will assist you with your colour match from there . thank you and have a great day .
hi there , thanks for reaching out to us ! we apologize for any inconvenience this caused you , and we 're looking into exactly why this happened .
congrats girl ! nothing else will compare to this exciting experience #nothingcanstopus
they are currently 575 .
mmm , tasty !
sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your order number so we can look into this for you ?
hey <USER> i 'll check it out for you , dm your email and full address for billing please , thank you !
big names should be on big shows .
it creates a happier customer and more continued business .
you are welcome . contact us anytime for help .
sorry to hear about this issue . can we help get compensation for your troubles ?
could you please forward us a screen shot of the error ?
it depends on the particular card if you give us a call we can review your account and let you know
thanks for the love !
this is very unusual , we are working quickly to fix this
that stinks . nothing will replace a beloved item but maybe this would do . <URL>
i apologize for the delay .
i have requested a cancellation on your order and once i get a response i will send an email confirmation .
this is not what i like to hear ! please could you send me an email with details about this and we 'll make it right . <E-MAIL>
sorry to hear you were disappointed , please dm your info and we will see about some sort of compensation
we love your cards ! :)
let us fix the issue for you , we do compensate for days of lost service .
okay , if you would contact us via <E-MAIL> with the details , we will have someone help you with this .
for the proper support team was this purchased in the usa or india ?
send the contact <NUMBERS> to this rep and they will be happy to help .
we have no announcements for the presale dates / times . you can visit <URL> for updates .
we love to hear that !
oh no ! please dm me and ill be happy to look into this .
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
there should be a few in stock
our workshops are equiped to advice whether a defect has caused this or not .
our customer service team has reached out to you . is there anything else i can do to help you ?
we 'll be happy to look into it for you - send us a dm of your location and we 'll get an estimate for you .
i will be happy to pass on the feedback
so sorry to hear about this . i am looping in @vmbusinesshelp so we can look into this for you .
tickets are available for presale . be sure you are using the presale link !
its tomorrow
we are trying to resolve issues as quickly as possible .
please send us a dm with your name and contact number so we can make it right
so glad to hear that you are enjoying your new extensions <3
congrats on the purchase , let us know how you like it .
great filmmaker ! we hope you like it !
i would like to help you resolve this . can you email me at <E-MAIL> ?
unfortunately this is the only explanation i can provide .
can you explain what happened . we strive for great customer service . please dm us and we will solve your problem
what 's the order number ?
it 's always unfortunate when that happens but we 're here to help
reach out to our team directly for assistance .
thats awesome ! im the same way ! congrats ! send us a dm to claim your prize of a new #coffee tee !
this could occur because of running too many apps in the background of the phone , please take a look and let us know .
you 're welcome .
i agree . many things need to be factored in , including disability costs .
is safe mode working ?
we have replied through facebook and will continue to assist on there . thank you .
i can help you with that . would you give me your account number and i will apply your code .
his will be in-stores at the beginning of march . hope that helps .
sorry #halffull ! ! tell us more at <URL> like location , hours , meal ordered . thank you !
very happy for you , thanks for everything
hello , we are sorry to hear about this . thanks for letting us know . can you please contact us directly so that we can assist ?
appreciate it . thanks so much ! !
glad to hear it ! thanks for passing on the awesome feedback
we are working hard to enhance our service . please contact @wind_cares for further assistance .
contact us directly by email or phone .
sorry to hear about that . if there 's anything specific we can help you with , please send us a dm .
can you give us some more details at <E-MAIL> ?
can 't go wrong with a lexus . top quality vehicle . keep up with the jones .
this is the url , give it another whirl .
can you please elaborate on your issues so we can help ?
that sounds delicious ! we hope you loved it !
we really hate to see you go , but if the plans for another app come up , we 'll be sure to let you know !
awesome track ,
thank you for your inquiry , someone will contact you shortly .
sorry to see you go . dm us so we can discuss more .
<USER> , please file for compensation at <URL>
we would love to check our store inventory for you ! please dm us so that we can look into this .
great ! which pieces did you choose ?
awesome thanks for the feedback .
we will look into this right now !
please message us the url so we can investigate this .
what is the model number you purchased ?
hi , route 107 has always been to york university . we can help you with other routes if you 'd like .
i 'm sorry your package was no brought to you at the time that you expected . please send us your name , address and tracking number .
hi <USER> . thanks for the shoutout !
you can sign up for digital receipts and get coupons loaded onto your card .
can you contact us at <E-MAIL> ?
great photo !
please send me your account details so we can help you !
uh oh , that 's no good ! we 've sent you a dm .
our team isn 't quite sure right now , but we 're working hard to fix it . we 're very sorry ! your patience is greatly appreciated !
sorry this happened to you , we can help you get compensation .
please let us know what item you are having trouble with - dm your contact info and we will try to put an order through for you .
please use this link and follow the directions
dm your details so i can further investigate .
hi <USER> sorry the bronze goddess illuminating gelee is oos , if the listing is still available the product should return soon but we are unable to provide details about the exact date . please keep checking back with us .
we are working on establishing our brand in california in select states . i will shoot you a tweet on our latest openings as they occur .
oh no ! don 't let them get to you .
dm your account info so that we can pass on your feedback .
thank you and i will pass this along to our team .
we will have our dev team find out asap .
no , we do not wish for that , please contact us so we can fix this <URL>
hello <USER> ! happy to help you out . can you dm me some information ?
we will continue to try to offer the prices available , thanks for letting us know !
if you would dm me with your details i can further assist you . i am sorry for the problems .
our brand event runs through sunday , 11/12 / 2017 both in our stores and online . if you 'd like to find a store near you , ihere 's a link to our location listing . www.storelocation.com
we can send you some coupons :)
yes , i am super excited about this !
please give the croydon store a call at 394-393-3938 and they will help you out !
hello , please contact us ( dm ) so we can look into this . there should not be a delay of one month .
hi , <USER> . i 'm so sorry to hear this . please send me a dm with details and i 'll be happy to look into this further for you . thanks !
love this !
please dm us with the items and pricing and we will be happy to look into that for you .
we are sorry to hear that , maybe we can help .
please learn more by going to our website .
i 'm sorry you had a bad experience . send me a dm with the location of the redbox kiosk you used and i will send you a code for a free replacement rental .
hi @user , we have a wide selection of blue ray movies ! check the link here to see everything redbox has to offer : <URL> .
were there any models you were looking forward to testing ?
that 's what we want to hear ! glad to know you are warm and stylish .
after the redemption period expires so does the balance on the card .
sure . i just sent dm with info .
it 's good that you are trying to use new products . how about the taste ? usually that makes up for everything else .
please dm your policy number and i will be happy to help you .
hello <USER> . check your dm 's for our reply . thanks !
please send us your contact information so we can help fix this issue for you .
don 't worry , photos and videos will still be viewable
please contact me as i would like to resolve any issues that you might have with our services asap .
you don 't have to do a think . we 're always here for you .
wow that is a record , we are glad you got it resolved quickly
i apologize for the delay . i will look into this for you if you could dm me your registration .
thats very much not the way to turn up the heat in the room ! can you dm or email us so that we can further assist ?
would you like me to check on the status of the claim ?
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
all presales start at 10am sharp .
yeah , me too , im not holding my breath for it though ! :(
ok thanks . it is being investigated by the research team of senior ops .
if you could be more specific in a direct message we would love to help you out .
this just means that all together they output 2.4 for 4 ports total .
thanks for the rt <3
may we have a good contact number and the best time to reach you to discuss your options ?
unfortunately it has been completed and the only option now is to set up a return on delivery .
my apologies , we take fraud very seriously . please forward these emails to <E-MAIL> so that our fraud department is able to work on stopping these .
you 're not allergic , right ? ... and hey - golden hawks don 't ask for presents ! ;)
your flight delay could make you eligible for compensation . file a claim .
we want to make this right . send us a dm so we can get started .
thank you for your support and happy hunting !
if there is anything we can do please dm us .
that is a great video . thanks for coming and we hope to see you again .
tell me the address you sent it to and i will verify if it is correct .
we aren 't authorized to reveal the location . good luck .
we appreciate the feedback . we 'll make sure we share this with the buying team !
hi there . i 'll be happy to help you with that . please go to the following url www.xxx.com and find various descriptions of what you 're looking for . i will be happy to assist you if you have further questions about the site .
it will be available on september 29th in the @cavsteamshop .
we 're happy you found what you wanted .
if you are not able to add to your wallet send a dm with the email linked to your account
we will certainly do that . can i just get your contact information ?
let 's set up a test drive .
you shouldn 't ever mix alcohol that way .
i am soo sorry about the wait at our local store . i will notify the store manager of the issue so future visits will be more helpful .
we do have a historical area but it can be hard to find , the should give you more info <URL>
super here it is * 504 # ready to go !
if you have any further questions feel free to ask . thanks !
thanks so much for your comment ! 100 % on your side ! ;)
we send products over to europe too , must have been a batch headed for the wind , cheese and fancy towers . same product , different labels
hi <USER> i 'm happy to help you with this concern . we will be able to run credit checks online for you to see what exactly is affecting your credit .
hello , i apologize for the lack of contact , your troubles could be from an unstable or busy line , i would recommend calling later in the evening to ensure a quieter line and less interference .
can you dm me your order number and contact info ?
we 're so sorry to hear about this ! can you please dm us more details , and your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help !
please dm me your information and i will personally take care of it .
glad to hear it !
you need to go through the tigo cash program to get a bonus .
let us be the first to wish you a hbd <USER> ! keep on dancing !
there are 5 common culprits for why your #lawfirm website is not delivering the traffic you want .
not a problem . let me pull up your order and i 'll change that for you .
we want you to get your new card asap , and are delighted to tell you the card is clear !
our mobile support team would be more than happy to help answer any questions you have . please visit our mobile page at <URL>
awesome lets do this
please send us your location details so we can check it out and provide updates as needed .
please dm us with details and we 'll help out .
are you still having this problem ?
please send your information privately to ensure your security .
sorry for the delay , we are aware of the issue and working to get everyone into the arena as quickly and safely as possible .
if you bring the package and unused product to the store they will help you out !
i apologize for the inconvenience . please pm me with your information so that i can look into your issue immediately .
we appreciate your feedback . i will have our helpdesk get back to you asap .
we understand the importance of the service being up and i can assure you were are working diligently to restore service . please stay tuned for updates !
we have made sure that the order is on its way .
sure , some of them are as follows .
sorry , please dm us so we can fix this for you .
which one is your favorite ?
i think it has been resolved . can you hear now ?
click the link to file a lost and found claim .
hi . can you dm us with more details about your bus ?
welcome ! we 'd love to know if you like it .
hello <USER> , i am sorry you are experiencing difficulties . igus is only able to support products purchased within the usa . for the proper support please contact <URL> so you can receive the assistance you need .
thank you for the purchase and we will look into our design features
we want to here the details ! send us a dm with your name , phone number , email , and store so we can help . thank-you .
thank you for the positive uplifting feedback . it really makes our day .
thanks for sharing . we 're always happy when someone is satified .
are you sure ? i can solve issues that you have with it instead .
please contact us to get this fixed at <E-MAIL> .
please dm us and we will see where some improvements can be made . this feedback is critical to improving the system !
we hear you and we 've sent this info on to the development team ! go development team !
i 'm sorry to hear that . can you please dm me your details and we 'll see if i can get you compnsation .
yes ! stop by to see today .
oh no , we are so sorry for the inconvenience , please return the one to get the other you need .
it seems the company no longer makes that item .
you can contact customer service at this email for an update <E-MAIL>
that is not good , we can have someone return your call
please send us a dm and we will do our best to assist you !
please ship the item to <URL> with your invoice , a phone number and the reason you are returning it .
that 's very sad , indeed . can we help ?
@reefhelp can assist you if you dm them .
can you please send a picture of the shoe and any other information through dm . we will take a look and see what we can do for you .
we currently are having the sale til the end of the month but we do sometimes extend sales if they are doing well .
awesome , hope you get a new pair <URL>
i would like to have our customer service team follow up with you on this matter . leave this info on our website <URL>
we just did !
i am so sorry you had an unrestful stay . please dm us so we can address this situation further .
sorry to hear that . let us know more at <URL> and we 'll follow up .
let 's fix this problem . what happened ?
we don 't provide release dates but we 'll be rolling out updates as soon as possible .
we are sorry to hear this , please contact via <E-MAIL> or call us .
thanks , <USER> , checking on that now .
yes hello ! we are here to assist and happy to help .
thank you ! the conference should be a rocking good time .
we are so glad you like the new design . be sure to tell all your friends !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
hi there . we have dm 'd you . please check your inbox .
our tech team can help ! give us a ring at <NUMBERS> so we can get things sorted for you .
odd , we don 't have door to door representatives .
will do that as soon as possible . thank you for letting me know
congratulations , enjoy
very sorry to learn about this - - please send a dm your store location , and we will make this right with you .
i cannot help you with this please contact customer care as they will be better able to assist you
hi , marilyn here . please dm me your name and tracking number so i can find out info if you need help .
thanks so much ! your great taste in coffee just won you a vintage tee - dm us to claim your prize ! :)
yes , <USER> , i am ! ! @themakeupshow :)
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info and the last 8 digits of your vin ? we 'd be happy to help .
hm . dm us your name and we will look into it for you
our team is aware and we 'll address it asap .
we 're sorry to hear that . please give us a call at <NUMBERS> so we can have a more formal report .
i don ; t have any restocking information available for that item . you could possibly check with other retailers .
you 're so welcome ! ! glad to hear you 're back on the road !
maybe he did
please reach out to our billing department <URL>
i am sorry to hear this . please contact customer care here <NUMBERS>
hi , these items are drop ship items , they are made in the warehouse and usually takes 2 to 3 weeks to deliver . thank you
yes , please !
we want to help you <USER> please send us a dm
thanks for reaching out <USER> . we want to help , please dm us and we 'll see what we can do .
our downtown office likes baja fresh or pf changs for catering options outside of sandwiches
i 'm sorry ! i 'd be happy to assist you !
we can help you get compensation . <URL>
that 's awesome k-cups ! have a great day .
thanks for the feedback !
hi sarah ! i will forward you with more information in the right department . please provide your tracking number .
sorry for any wait , could you please send your name and order information so i can trace you order for you .
have a great night .
thanks for letting us know . we 'll report it .
can you dm me with your telephone number and exact address ?
great question .
hi we 'd be happy to track the progress of your new vehicle . which holden dealer did you place this at ?
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
i 'm looking forward to meeting you also ! counting the daysq
sorry , but the operation of it is all automated .
please dm us your contact info so we can help you .
i will be emailing you shortly .
thanks for the shoutout ! awesome :)
no , the shiny ticket will work for both of you .
we 're so glad you 're happy . thank you for the feedback !
let 's go aussies ! ! !
hi , we don 't see any issues . can you tell us more about the problems ?
sorry to hear you 're having a bad time . let us know how we can help !
please look at our catalog and find something else you love .
we would be happy to address this if you send us a dm . we are happy to help .
our product are of high quality , we are sorry you had these issues . please bear with us as we figure things out with your pair
check our twitter feed for live updates
you can use any photo id in conjunction with your confirmation email .
sorry to hear about this . which location was this ? please reach out to customer service so we can assist you .
so sorry for your problems . i can help if you send me your information . thanks .
hello thanks for contacting us regarding this . please send us a dm so we check this out for you .
hello lucy , we 've replied to the facebook message , thank you !
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
thank you for the information , we are on it now and should have a current update @socal gas for you very soon .
customer care will be in touch within 24 hrs
please send a dm so we can help .
what happens at the end of the story ?
i love the way you look <USER>
that is beautiful ! than you for being @lexus lovers !
please check your dm for more info . thanks !
best of luck , it 'll be the best choice you have ever made .
oh no ! we 've fixed that and have the new set on the way which will arrive on 2/23 .
call the cs uk team to advise on how best to proceed .
thanks for the feedback ! see you soon .
following . all set . dm away !
send me a dm so i can check into it for you and also pass along sone great deals .
we are working as hard as we can to get your electricity turned back on . i apologize , i know this is frustrating .
i think i might be able to see you this weekend . i 'm going to be busy saturday morning but i think i can make room for you .
make sure you check out our current offers ! dm us for more information :)
we think so too !
thanks we aim to satisfy our discerning customers !
yes , the station should be able to hold the package for you for a week before it gets sent back to the sender . customer service should have more exact details on that . thanks for getting in touch !
yes , we are expectiong to have the apple carplay offered as an option in the 2017 outback .
sorry to learn of the issues you are experiencing . please let me know if i can be of any assistance with your orders .
thanks for the question . we currently do not have any stock . hoping to have it back in at the end of april .
please fill the form at <URL> and we 'll be happy to get you a replacement sent out right away .
sorry to hear that there was a delay . do you know the name of the individual who made the delivery ?
wonderful . thank you !
please contact us at <E-MAIL> with any concerns or problems .
keep checking back !
i 'm sorry to hear that , have you checked for any coupons or local offers ?
that should be fine . let us know if you experience any difficulty .
our website has been fixed . if not , let us know .
i am so sorry , we will forward this on , can you contact us about where this happened ?
she 's doing very well ! thanks so much for checking in !
give us your ntel number and location for checks .
provide the nearest cross street , zip code , and print number for help .
hello josh , thank you for the feedback . this will be passed to our developmental team !
i 'm sorry , the route is having some traffic delays . there are three buses now en route .
thank you for love of our game and the support of the team #uptheblues
who 's the furry friend ?
unfortunately , we only offer an annual policy for this campervan . let us know if you need any more help !
there are . if you visit our website at <URL> you 'll find more details of those perks there .
hello , please send an e-mail to an account representative so that we can review your plan and help answer that question .
we offer compensation for flight delays .
that looks so soothing - and delicious at the same time .
we would be happy to look if you will give us your order number .
so happy to hear ! please dm your reg and i will pass on your lovely feedback to our team .
your credits are valid for calls , texts , and many other features available at this website .
i am glad that you enjoyed our burger please come back and see us soon
we 're so sorry to hear about this <USER> . how can i be of assistance ?
it shows that its at the usps facility , please expect it anytime this week
please send us the information so we can check on the issue .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
we 're so sorry to hear about this . could you send us more details at this url ?
thanks for the information !
we have sent the dm .
boise has crowds on buses ?
hello again due to api restrictions this is not a option .
thanks for trying us ! can you provide some more details about your experience ?
hi there , i am showing that we are out of stock for size 8 , sadly .
the new jerseys will be available in late september . follow @cavsteamshop to stay up to date on all the newest items .
you will get your money back , do not worry . please dont hesistate to contact us if you dont
that looks great ! good luck !
we have tried calling you and not gotten an answer , when would be a good time to get a hold of you ?
yes at the atm machine
thank you for the positive feedback ! keep on watching !
it should be available next month !
it will be coming out over the air automatically
please do !
we strive to reach an outcome fair to all . please stay in touch for the final settlement .
thank you for the shoutout .
a sad state of affairs . can you please dm me so i can address this situation ?
we are following you ! send us a dm with your name , phone number and best time to call you so we can get this resolved . thanks !
there is none available , we 're all sold out
please send me your information at <E-MAIL> .
that is quite upsetting .
i apologize for any inconvenient that was caused to you or your baby .
we are looking into this issue now !
visit <URL> for a complete list of villages and the amenities that they offer .
yes if you dm me i will see what we can do for you .
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
i 'm sorry , but yes , that means you won 't get your item unless you re-order it .
i apologize for that . may i please have your phone number or account number so i may assist you ?
this coat was sold out on launch day , sorry .
would you like more information about coverage areas or plans ?
thanks for the suggestion . we will pass it on !
we 've made a update on your dm , please check
congrats ! feel free to stop by at our dealership with your new skills !
this is not how we like to conduct ourselves please call the 800 number for our customer service to get this resolved asap .
thank you , we have converted your gift credits to a new card - please check your email to confirm the correct balance .
you 're so very welcome !
i am not aware of such a problem . can you dm me details to see if this problem is on our end ?
that location is far from the cell tower - can you reach a location closer ?
send me your contact information and i 'll get someone to contact you .
which school are you attending ?
hi stephanie , we 're sorry to hear of your disappointment . we are continuing to update our network , and hope this will change - - check back with us for updates .
id be more than happy to help you . just dm me your info and we can get started .
you shouldn 't have to wait much longer . if you long into our site , you can find all of our upcoming opportunities to see the trophy in person .
we want to help you get the compensation for flight troubles , put us to work please <URL>
the brochure is my16 , and my17 will be updated soon .
sorry . please contact us again and we 'll look into it .
hi , sadly this has been discontinued , please check your local stores for availability .
you are so welcome ! how do you like your coffee ?
enjoy ! what will you be watching this evening ?
we are proud that one of our excellent employees was able to satisfy your needs .
the duvet tag will be at the foot of the bed . have a good day .
hi , have you tried it again ? go ahead and contact our support team so we can get this situated !
send us your contact information so we can help you .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
what a beauty ! lovely lady . cheers
unfortunately lush products are too fresh and organic to safely use after the sell by date . that 's what makes them so good for your skin .
hey <USER> have you seen our latest sale ? you can get 60 % off black crack by following this link <URL>
main standing area
have fun !
thank you for the notice , we will get a team right on it .
thanks for your feedback . good day .
eager to see you too !
we love our aussies ! thanks for your support ! #aus #rio2016 #oneteam
hello <USER> please dm us the vehicle and dealership details , and we can assure this message is passed on correctly . thanks .
we love you
perhaps you would be better served by calling our tech support line .
please share what 's going on and i 'll assist you .
contact wheel transfer directly to file a formal complaint .
try to stay positive . how can we help you with this ?
yes great weather today
contact us at 1800 subaru
whoa , that was amazing !
i am sorry to hear this . please contact our customer service team a 1-800- subaru 3 .
please dm us your order # so we can track down the order for you !
hi there , i 'm passing your feedback on to the web team so they can look into it . sorry for any inconvenience .
please provide you telephone number register .
reach out to us for assistance with your issue .
hello ! sorry about your issues . here 's a link explaining all the possible causes of disconnections . hope this helps !
i 'll make sure to pass this along to the team , thank you for the suggestion !
it will be repaired as soon as possible
please send us a dm with more details so we can take a closer look .
we have forwarded your information to the team leader , someone should be in touch soon !
the fee is 5 pence .
i 'm sorry to hear this , please dm the details and i 'll assist you immediately .
i will pass this along to our team . thank you for letting us know .
we are so glad to see your excitement !
can you please call <NUMBERS> so we can learn more ?
#allthecolors thanks for the love !
thank you . it was a lot of fun to make .
<USER> my name is bob , if you give me the order number i will follow this until it is received .
yes you do !
weekly events
sorry for the inconvenience and hope you enjoy the walk .
hi . it was available this morning . have you checked our site ?
depends on the product and the store location . can you please dm me more information about your order so i can assist ?
could you please see the dealer where you purchased it for further help ? thank you for reaching out .
thank you for the update , please keep us posted .
sorry to hear that . is the problem fixed now ?
hi @user , we 're sorry to hear you 're having some trouble with your sporren chair . please dm us with some photos so we can help you !
we love that things are going smoothly for you , <USER> . if you need anything , dm us and we 'll be happy to assist you .
hi <USER> , we haven 't noticed any problems on our end . have you tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app ?
well done that 's brilliant news ! let us know if you are looking for a test drive
please email us so we can correct the issues with your previous experience .
thanks for all your support .
very sad day indeed . :(
please visit our website for stores and hours .
that 's our goal ! place your order as soon as possible to ensure time for delivery . thanks for the love !
only a small group was able to access presale . please dm us if you want further info .
sorry to hear about your flight woes . do you know you may be eligible for compensation ? please visit <URL> for more detials
hi , please dm us your details and we will be able to help you .
we 'll get in touch shortly ! thanks .
hi . could you please send me a dm and we can better assist you .
sorry to hear about your trouble . please dm us the details and we will follow up .
hi <USER> , i messaged you on facebook .
we 're loving your pic ! thanks for the shoutout .
sorry to hear about your experience . contact us via email for more help .
they are different
howard , you da man !
please send a dm so we can make this right .
we may have this game available in the future !
we appreciate your support !
what 's the app ?
we will add it now
it will be a surprise , please watch out for it .
we are so glad to hear that !
let me look into that issue for you and find the warranty information for the product .
oh , no ! we 're so sorry to hear that . thanks for being so patient ! let 's connect via dm .
sorry to hear that you have to wait . the cleanliness of our rooms is very important to us so when a guest is a bit messier , it sometimes can take a bit longer to clean them to our high standards .
i use the lavender package , my favorite !
better late than never :) glad you enjoyed it .
check our website to see where you can get them
so glad to hear about your savings , quality for less is what we do best ! don 't forget to check our website for our weekly promotional items and in store specials !
if you contact <URL> we will see what we can do to help
can you provide me with your name , address , tracking number , and phone number so i can check into this for you ?
can you dm us your order number so we can look into this for you ?
hey <USER> this issue was noted _live . more .
i am sorry for the delay in response , i am here to assist now .
if you want to dm us with the product codes of what you are trying to purchase we can finish the transaction for you .
hi <USER> . we apologize for this delay , but we will compensate you financially - details here : <URL>
#winning :)
awesome ! which meal did you get ?
thanks for stopping by , @user ! please let us know how your shopping experience went !
glad to hear it
so glad that you had great service . if you send me your reg in a dm i will pass this message along .
sounds great , enjoy !
you 're very welcome , <USER> .
i am going to bring in @onestopmedia so we can get this resolved for you quickly .
we will forward forward your feedback regarding the screen saver .
we should be getting more this week !
we love this ! thanks for sharing :)
you can find them here <URL> .
never too early . enjoy yourself !
please call us for further assistance .
thanks for sending us a message . we 're sorry to hear about your issue but would love to help . send us a dm of your problems .
we are still scraping the surface .
i would be happy to look into further discounts for you . please dm me
it is absolutely safe to put in your body ! if you 'd like more information feel free to send us a dm .
give it a try @jimkerr09 owns it !
any time :)
i 'm sorry to hear that you felt unsafe , that is not ever our intention . may i put someone in touch with you to discuss the matter further ?
yes they are ! #shoeheaven
stop by guest services at section 100 for a first game lanyard ! thanks for coming out !
hi , i 'll look into the problem if you want . just send me you order number and details .
we have just sent you some more information .
glad to have you with the network !
what is the order number ?
virtual wallets can be very useful , but we understand if you don 't want one . that 's why we offer lots of different options to give our customers the freedom of choice . take a look : <URL>
please let us know how we can assist .
stop by guest services at section 100 and we will give him a first game lanyard .
did you want to switch devices ?
we 're happy you liked them !
contact <E-MAIL> so we can look into this for you !
our agents in europe can help you as soon as they sign back on .
please follow and send us a dm with your number , vin and other details .
we are so pleased to hear that . thanks for your enthusiasm !
love to help you , can you dm your policy number
thanks for the information , we will fix that asap !
hello alicia , i wish you a happy friday too !
thank you for the message , someone will be back in touch soon ! thank you :)
please send us a dm and we will look into this for you .
message me your phone number so can help rectify your problem .
just did !
please send me a private message so that we can resolve your issue .
dm us with more info so we can follow up .
greatly appreciate the nice comment .
right on , you can do it !
we are currently catching up on old unpaid orders .
we are glad you like your note 8 .
thanks , we 'll pass this info on .
i 'm sorry to hear that . i would be happy to assist you now
unfortunately , that item is temporarily out of stock , but we 'll update the website as soon as we receive more !
hi , sorry to hear that . send a dm and we will see if we can help .
chorizo does have soy in the base !
please send a dm with your details so we can figure this out together .
hello <USER> , i 'm sorry you are having an issue . please follow and dm me your address and details so i can look in to this further for you .
i will call you directly , please provide your number
hello . thanks for the positive feedback .
i 'm sorry to hear that . what can i do to help with the data plan issue ?
sorry not this year but we do have the epi fantasy league going on .
you 're the best <3
you would need to be signed up for his fan club .
glad to hear it is working again !
please call us directly with your confirmation number and we will assist .
customer support shoul be able to address this concern foryou <URL>
these are the best hangouts ! have fun .
if you can dm us your exact location we can report this issue for you
we 're sorry to loose a customer , is there anything i can do to help ?
we are sorry you and friends are having issues , please contact us via dm so we can fix this .
that is so unfortunate to hear . can you provide me with the location you specifically stayed in and the room number ?
we 're so sorry to hear about your troubles ! can you please dm us your details contact info ? we 'd be happy to help !
i am so sorry to hear this . can you tell me more about the situation so that i can help ?
let us know if you have questions about our service !
looks like you will need to contact the usps to file a claim . they can be reached at 1-800-275-8777
thanks for your feedback ! we will send your comments to the team . thank you
we 'll keep you posted
we appreciate the feedback . we 'll pass this on to our reps .
thanks for shopping !
thanks for sharing !
oh dear .
sorry i am still not seeing your dm , make sure you are sending it to @supportbestbuy
no worries , there will be plenty more events in the future .
we love to hear that !
hello ! call us or live chat so we can further assist you .
i would be glad to help you , can i have some more details as to what is happening
oh no you are not fat , you are just big boned
glad we have such a great partnership and thanks for working with us .
we love that you want an aldi near you ! we sent a note to our real estate team on your behalf <3
so sorry to hear this happened . really want to hear the details of this so we can get to the bottom of it . if you dm me as much info as you can , details of incident , when , where , truck number , guy description and your phone and name . we will do our best to figure it out .
so lovely to hear !
please dm us so we can talk
we have a couple of offices in that area , our website shows some maps to help you locate them easily . the line cost totally depends on what options you choose , but if you head into the office at your convenience someone will show you all of our available plans .
this is an incredible shot ! what time did you take it ?
i am sorry for your issues and would like to see if i can assist you better .
thank you for loving our products wwwe will be sure to pass that word along .
did you get any goodies while visiting ?
mac can work in a pinch but you can find better rates elsewhere .
you are welcome , if you need me in the future this is the easiest way to contact me .
no worries !
you can have someone check to acquire the package upon delivery .
thanks for your feedback ! we 'll pass the idea along to our design team .
i know this sounds cliche , but ours are definitely the best :)
thank you ! i 've sent the info in a dm - - looking forward to hearing back from you soon :)
we have just sent you a dm . check your folder .
we sure are ! thanks for your support !
we appreciate your feedback !
glad to have you join the verizon family
hello <USER> , we believe it is , is there a certain safety aspect you are particularly concerned about ?
not on spintex road , but there is one at the filling station on baker rd a mile away .
loving the look !
sounds like you 've had a rough day , we 've got something that might brighten it up  #smallvictories dm us for more info there 's still time to dm if you 'd like your gift ...
dm me your account number so that i can help you .
apologies , <USER> . please dm me with the details so i can start an investigation on what happened here , thank you .
okay , i will look up the status of your order right now . thank you for your patience .
this is weird . we can fix this if you 'd send us your info via this form : <URL> .
that 's fantastics
we are sorry that you 're having trouble . please feel free to give us a call on the <NUMBERS> so we can help you .
i am sorry for the wait
that 's fanastic ! congratulations <USER> on the launch .
don 't worry it 's only temporary !
follow this link to make a purchase .
drones and aerial footage are so beautiful . be sure to share more photos and videos !
congratulations ! you won a free upgrade !
we 're so happy you could come and join us .
please dm us your contact information if you require additional help .
this is ver serious . please dm us more details so we can address the situation immediately .
what is the order number ?
all the highways in that area are busy all the time . where specifically are you .
sounds amazing , and we don 't set the prices for retailers .
i am glad to hear this . is there anything else we can do for you ?
i am sorry , can i help you ?
sorry to hear that give us a call or email us will we see how we can help you .
congrats ! keep us in mind when you 're lookin ' for a new car .
there are no restrictions . you are welcome to apply for the card .
really ? that 's great ! . all the way back to 2001 .
wonderful news , thank you for the support
okay , great . let us know if there are any further problems ,
you are welcome , enjoy the day with your significant other .
the dealership won 't see these messages - we recommend trying to contact them directly so they can help you out .
we agree ! we support our customers because they chose us !
we 'll be happy to sort this out for you , please dm us with more information , including the operating system , and we 'll help you out .
sorry to hear you 're disappointed . let us know how we can help .
was your booking made online or in a store ?
yes , can you provide your flight number ?
congratulations ! let us know how we can help you out .
we are now , there is an update coming that should help !
we will look into restocking this item over the weekend .
hi ! we got your message , we have now responded !
we 're very sorry to hear this . unfortunately , we don 't offer price matching . thank you !
hi this is george . please send me your info on the package and i can help . thanks .
hello jessica . you can send me a message and i will be happy to assist you .
i am happy to hear this and will be sure to pass on your feedback !
the code is being emailed right now .
thank you for visiting us and we hope that you can find the perfect gift .
glad you found it helpful
i am sorry you had to experience this . i have shared your contact info with our team to resolve your issue @payumoneycare .
yes , we have a feedback form in the site but if you dm me , i can relay it .
hello <USER> , we are currently working on the problem but do not have an estimate of when we will be done .
can you dm us the number and how much your deduction was ?
we apologize for the bad experience please send us a pm and we will see what we can do to help
i am sorry to hear that you feel this way . can you please share your concern with us so we might be able to better assist you .
disappointed this happened , if you send us your info we can get this fixed
thank you for your feedback . these steps are required to ensure security on your account . here is our faq on this process : <URL>
im sorry you 've gotten that message . can you tweet our customer service team @tmiecs ?
fauzia is amazing and so happy to hear you got everything taken care of .. twice ! :)
how we show we care !
if you want to enter , you can do so here <URL>
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
can you let us know specifically what 's going on via private message ?
please dm us with your order number , and we 'll assist you .
we will be sure to pass along the feedback , way to go shaun k !
i have the information on your account , let me check the status and give you some options .
wow , so sorry to see that ! please send a dm with your email the store location so i can get this taken care of asap ! thanks :)
please use the dm feature and send us a message asap
i apologize you got hung up on , we are working to find the person responsible , this is not okay .
we apologize for the delay . if you will send us your order number we will be happy to check the status .
i want the driver to tell me what time it occurred and where .
the most efficient way would be to do it within the country in which you are a citizen .
there was a controlled release of natural gas at around 11:30 pm . sorry for any inconvenience !
please dm us so that we can help you out with your situation
thank you for taking the time to reach out and share your feedback with us .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
i can escalate this to our executive relations which is in columbus ohio , is that satisfactory ?
we answered your message . you can call us at the number provided for billing inquiries .
we 'll have @vmbusinesshelp get in contact with you .
we love you too ! :)
we 'll get the info out soon !
i apologize for this . please send us a dm with all the details , including which store you visited , so that we can follow up with you .
sorry for the delay . is there any way we can assist you with this issue ?
oooh shots fired
thanks for all you do ! we are happy to help !
what is the order number ?
well said <USER>
it 's a great way to spend the extra money though !
you certainly can , are they any other questions on the new equipment ?
sorry . in certain areas that is the only way to keep carts at the stores . we hope you will still find shopping here an overall valuable experience .
i will be happy to help you , please reach out to us
oh whoops ! ;)
thanks , no problem . i 'll look later .
yes you can cancel an order with me . you will have to dm us with your order number and we can assist you from there .
i am sorry that you are having issues , can you tell me what happened ?
the only thing that goes better with shameless is more shameless ! we 'll let you know when there 's more !
we 're sorry to hear that ! can you please send us a secure message with pictures and original purchase details ?
please send us a dm and we can assist you .
we anticipate it being up by morning , i apologize for any inconvenience .
please call our customer support line and we can see if we can work this out for you . <NUMBERS>
hello <USER> , if you are located in japan you can search " aukey on <URL> , or you may dm your email and our japanese support staff will contact you directly .
we can 't wait @keybank_thrive for supporting !
hello <USER> , i apologize for the unusually long hold time , i would like to assure you that you are in queue and we will be with you as soon as possible .
sorry for the delays , some of our buses are out of service
sorry about the problem . can you tell me the route number please ?
please send customer service a message at this <URL> and they 'd be more than happy to help .
i would recommend going by the books or the manual
glad you like it . what is a flip ?
it does take some getting used to . please dm us your vape specs and we will try to advise
hi <USER> , we 're so sorry to hear about your delay . please file a case with us so that we can compensate you for this delay : <URL>
there are currently no rebates on that thermostat but you can see what we offer here <URL>
please provide your order # so we can escalate the issue with customer service .
we are so happy to have you , congratulations !
there is no way to do it online but reach out to us with your order number
i 'm sorry about that , we can creddit you with proof of perchase .
give it time and let us know how it went
another happy customer
so glad that you are enjoying them and that they are working well for you .
we are so sorry to hear this . send us a dm so we can help further assist you .
would you please report the service issue to customer service .
okay . i am sorry for the confusion . can you tell me which store you are referring to and what items you are trying to purchase ?
sorry , but we want to be safe in the air . thanks for your patience
ahhh , i know what you mean . it 's hard to resist a good binge session .
hello ! we 're looping in our business help team to assist you !
awesome ! did you find anything good ?
were the people in the car ok ? glad to hear the car was not struck as people in the car and train would cause greater harm !
we 're sorry <USER> , there has been construction on the route that has caused delays this summer .
so happy to be part of your first tweet .
thank you very much !
we 're restocking them at the moment . please stay tuned .
merry christmas to you , too ! what can i help you with today ?
there are a lot of mountains there but the 3000kg is the maximum towing capacity
please contact us at officalukamil . com so we can look into the matter for you .
that is always the best idea !
that info isnt available yet . stay posted for more !
i am not able to dm so please email <E-MAIL>
hello , the bookings will start opening 6 months before the event .
hope to see you too !
sorry to say we don 't have any women 's cuts available yet , but i 'm passing your interest along to the product development team !
that is not the experience that we strive for , what specifically made you uncomforatable ?
we apologize . please contact us at <E-MAIL>
those are loveley . thank you for sharing with us .
oh no . that is not good . there is 3 ways to get a replacement card . you can dm your phone number , call 1-800-567-9876 or send a secure message through your online banking .
i 'm sorry you did not get what you were hoping for . is there any way i can assist you now ?
of course you can , as long as you have your receipt
we are so sorry to hear this . please dm us so we can make it right .
we love hearing this , thanks so much !
because they are made of cloth they wear more delicately but if ever you feel this is not the case please review our warranty . thank you 1
can you direct message us your 16 digit card number and i can look into this for you .
we are sorry to hear about that , can we get any compensation for you ?
hey ! please send a dm and we can further assist you .
we are uploading as right now , check it out soon at <URL> .
hi <USER> , can you tell us a little more ? what direction are you going ? where are you waiting ?
let us try to help you . we are so sorry about your recent experiences .
send us a dm with your contact info fore free solar swag ~ !
we do careful cost comparisons before deciding to run a deal . thank you for this information , we will follow up with our suppliers .
i am so sorry to hear that . can you provide me with the model number you are waiting for ?
can you tell us what call plan you are on ?
hi user . how can i help you today ?
hello ! are the two codes ( first one you received , and the one the other person received ) the same ?
please verify the exact terms and we can proceed .
great ! #liveitloveit
you don 't need that . just follow the instructions here <URL>
congratulations <USER> , we hope you enjoy !
please go to either espn . com or directly to our team website for the full game schedule .
hello , please contact customer service so we can advise you further .
hello <USER> , i 'm sorry your package is taking longer to arrive than you expected . can you please dm with your order number and contact information so we can be of further assistance .
we are so glad to hear you are pleased ! hopefully we will be opening a store closer to you soon .
what makes you feel like this about us ? send a dm for us to change this
if you call the helpline we will do our best to assist you .
looks delicious !
thank you for providing the requested details we will get back with you shortly
we are sorry to hear about this , you can get compensated , details here <URL> .
sounds wonderful :)
there might be an issue with your apn settings , please dm us so we can resolve it
i 'm sorry , let me get your order and we will find out what 's happened and take care of it .
that 's not good . can you tell us more about the issue 's you 're having ?
hello . sorry to hear of your troubles . please verify your account information and i will expedite one to you . thank you .
dm us ... we might just be able to help you out :)
how can i assist you in emailing your friend ? happy to help in any way .
we want to help ! please send us a dm so we can help you out .
that 's a great question . the 120.00 mb tribe connect is without the bundle . i would be happy to explain to you the difference .
we 'll let our store manager know . thanks for sharing
that sure is him ! what do you think ?
it is a great movie and redbox will have a high quality disc . thanks
sure , you can find it here : <URL> :)
that 's the risk of investing . numbers go up and down .
hey there , sounds really weird , would you mind dm your order number and billing address so i can look into this further ?
we don 't like to hear this ! what happened ?
please dm me the order number and i will do my best to resolve it immediately .
that is true and we 're so sorry for the confusion . in the future i hope we do better .
let me know what you need and i can send you sale priced rain checks .
we just opened 14 more stations and working on more <URL>
possibly . what do you have in mind ?
we appreciate your comments . we 'll discuss this issue at our next meeting .
unfortunately deezer is no longer available on tigo . :(
thanks for the shout out =) !
we 're so sorry to hear of this issue . can you please send us an email and we can further assist you .
can we help you get a compensation ? please dm us or check this link <URL>
can you please contact <E-MAIL> so we can look more into your shipment ?
what can i help you with ?
yes , we will !
thank you ! thats what we like to hear
we have a great beauty tool i use to apply blush with that 's $ 35 but works like a dream .
we have not . what a great picture ! thanks for sharing .
so exciting ! we hope you love all the new products :) please let us know how you enjoy them !
sorry about this . what can we do to help ?
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
i am sorry for the delay you experienced . is there anything else i can help you with ?
oh , dear , <USER> , this is not the experience we want our customers to have . could we help you get compensation ? we 'd love to help , just let us know . <URL>
hello . please contact us at the toll free number provided or by email . have a blessed day .
i break rules sometimes .
we strive hard to be .
thanks !
hello . thank you for the report . please dm me the details of the affected area so i can relay the information .
can you tell me what kind of truck ?
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
thanks for the feedback !
here is a physical damage in your device which cannot be covered under warranty , we can help you with repair on chargeable basis )
can you please contact customer service at <URL> and they should be able to help you .
please contact us and we can help you
<USER> so sorry that you are having these issues . please contact the emergency assistance line : <NUMBERS> option # 1 as soon as possible so that we might help you right away .
you can return the ear buds to support for a replacement . thanks
congratulations on winning the vintage tee . and yes it is heaven in a mug .
just dm us as a response to this thread and we will get it .
sorry that you encountered a delay . we have investigated and it appears that a dog was track level .
we want to help you receive compensation for your troubles with your flight , put us to work please ;) <URL>
oh my goodness we think so too . thank you !
great !
please send us an e-mail so we can address your concerns .
we are glad that your phone is working again . thanks for being a sprint customer !
hope you enjoyed your visit today !
sorry to hear that , please dm me your information .
congrats on the new baby ! you 'll hear from us as soon as your order has shipped .
please send a dm with the order number and we will help you .
thank you for the feedback , so glad you enjoyed <URL> . have a great day .
please contact <E-MAIL> .
i am glad you were pleased with the services . if there is anything else i can do , please let me know
call us at the 1-800 number and we can further assist you in ordering these spare parts . thank you .
please email <E-MAIL> so we can assist you further .
if you could do a conference call with all parties , that would be the best way to ensure everyone is on the same page !
thank you for the warm welcome .
thanks for the suggestion , we are still tweaking it !
we are happy that you like this bold flavor !
i will send a message about this to someone who can resolve it . thanks .
many factors can affect the fitting of your bra , we offer a wide variety for just this reason , get a bra for any day and every mood .
agreed . hard work and dedication is the way to success !
so sorry to hear about your disappointment , please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can look in to this matter further for you .
cannot recall that sorry
contact us to wee if you are eligible for compensation .
what would you stock up on ?
excellent , isn 't it ? thank you for the positive feedback .
hello , please dm your contact information .
that makes us sad . can you tell us what exactly you don 't prefer about those cups ?
yes they do .
so sorry to hear that . please send me the details so that i can research the issue and provide a resolution .
i 'm sorry you didn 't enjoy it ! are there any improvements you 'd like to suggest ?
we strive for professionalism at all times , and i 'm sorry to hear about your experience . could you please send a dm with further details so we might look in to this matter , thank you .
customer service would be happy to help . can you please dm us your contact info ?
thank you !
any further assistance we are here , sorry for the mix up
not safe at all , contact us please
we 're so happy you 're happy ! thanks for sharing !
i like many of the teams but alpha is my favorite .
these things happen from time to time , we will be compensating you
you are very welcome .
thanks for the shout out ! it 's much appreciated .
yes it is . please contact our customer service .
hi there ! can you please dm us your details and contact info ? we 'd be happy to help !
thanks for you tweet .
we are happy to help you , please send us a dm .
i apologize for this . it appears there was a delay , but a bus shoudl arrive shortly .
we do advise up to two weeks for a result . i can look up your information for an update .
sorry about that , please dm me you information so i can take care of this !
we are so sorry ! can you dm us your emails and we will address the matter immediately ?
thanks for you email and sorry for the problem . we will fix it . thanks
we are aware of the issue , please provide us your contact info so we can compensate you .
wow , i am jealous , tell em that you are including peanut butter cups in that .
sorry to hear that . but i will definitely pass that commentary on to the right department .
we are sorry , can you please tell us what happened at <E-MAIL> ?
no problem ! thanks for being a fan of aldi !
we 've received your dm and sent you a reply .
thanks !
we apologize . please dm us details and we will get right back to you .
yes we do ! we just started carrying it !
i am sorry for your wait . if you would get the bus details when it arrives contact a rep to investigate .
can you please email us at <E-MAIL> so we can look into this ?
thanks for bringing this to our attention . please check your dms and we ; ll update you when we 've straightened out the issue !
thank you for letting us know !
<USER> we want to do our best to help you . send us a dm so that we can .
you can contact us if you have any concerns
aawww . thanks that is very sweet of you !
enjoy ! have a fabulous day .
we are sorry to hear that . if you would be willing to give us another chance , please send a dm and we will get right back to you .
if you contact our tech department on <NUMBERS> they will happily and expertly assist you .
why would anyone judge you for that ;)
we can help you with this , please send us a message with more information .
hi , we have replied to your dm , thank you .
we will look into this issue for you !
order number is missing one digit please provide the complete order number along with your email so we get work on getting this item out to you asap .
we are sorry for the issues , please dm or email us at <E-MAIL> for further assistance .
tipoff time is always shown here :
you can find the nearest service center here <URL>
thanks for the support !
hello jeff , we will start shipping outside of the eu this month . please pm your order number for further help .
sure . let us know your number and someone will call you to remedy that .
it 's great ! the new features will be useful .
can you tell us what your screen looks like ?
we are sorry that you have been having issue . if you could call our uk <NUMBERS> we can work to fix this .
if you would like us to check your account , please let us know .
let me reimburse you , which redbox did this occur at ?
we distribute lexus in the us . you can find your distributor by checking this site , <URL>
you betcha !
we apologize that you 're having inconvenience with your order we want to be able to assist you please contact usps at 17 3362734 8 and they will be able to help you with your order unfortunately all we can do on our end is see where the packages is but usps will be able to assist you further
this doesn 't sound like our typical management response . please leave a detailed description at <E-MAIL> and we 'll take it from there .
can you dm us ? i 'd like to know why it took so long .
please see the warranty at <URL>
i just replied via email with suggestions .
hi ! sorry your having trouble , dm your account number and we will look into it
that 's wonderful to hear ! yes , you can pretty much get everything for a delicious meal at aldi !
we are very excited to sponsor your first marathon , run your heart out ! ! !
we will be reaching out to you today !
we stand by our buyer protection firmly !
we are sorry to hear about your experience . please send us a dm with the details .
yes i can assist you with that information .
we have lots of other yummy scents as well . try one of our fizzy bath bombs next time .
thanks for the great feedback
i can see our team is working on your case and someone will be contacting your shortly with an update .
yes , you can find the policy at <URL>
please explain in more details what this means .
big feet , i will pass this along to our product team
thanks for the support
hello , glad to hear you were able to get relief . do you need further assistance tracking a package ? please dm your address , tracking and phone number so we may help you right away .
whoah , you have a lot of t-shirts ... how many would you say are in your collection ? #liveworkcreate
please send us a dm and we 'll let you know where you can buy it in canada .
we love your supergalove !
oh no ! dm me your email address so i can treat you ;)
i have talked to adidas for an update , we are very sorry for the delay .
we apologize for the problems you are having . please dm us with your email so we can help you .
hello , a bracelet has been found ! you can contact emma on the comms team . if you need help getting her just send me your name and contact number in a dm and i can get that to her .
how might i be of assistance today ?
we apologize about the game please contact us at * * * @gmail . com
have you tried online chat , sometimes its faster
we 're trying to figure out your issue , can you tell us more information at <E-MAIL> ?
if there was a delay , sorry , if you have any questions feel free to reach out to us !
please shoot us a dm with your details so we can help .
i can solve this issue if you contact us directly .
i apologize for this , if you could send us a direct message we will be able to take care of it right away .
we have the best customers and are thankful for our employees who represent us well .
it 's always awesome when our local people are recognized for being amazing .    
sorry for the problem . please contact support with your info for a refund . thanks again .
we can get you up and running in no time .
that is not what we like to hear , we are working hard to lessen the wait time
glad that it worked out for you .
thank you for the mention !
we are glad that it has been good for you . leave a comment in our comment section about your experience .
thanks for the feedback , we will pass it along .
thanks you for coming odnw !
thanks for the kind feedback !
hello ! we have made a report for this . check your dm for a reference .
there are so many ways to mount it , maybe using youtube will help you out with this matter
hello ! can you email pictures to this address so our customer care team can check this out for you ? thanks !
i can help you , i have resynced the network from here , try a battery pull and let me know if it is different .
please contact me directly and i will resolve any issue that you may be having <USER> .
some of them will . are there any in particular you are interested in ?
on september 29th , nike jerseys will be available at @cavsteamshop .
you may want to contact the post office and provide them with the tracking number . they should have your order now .
please dm your contact details , so we can follow-up with this , and sorry for the inconvenience .
yes it is .
sorry you experienced trouble with your phone , if you give us your contact info we can arrange to have a new one sent to you .
we all do , make it reality !
my apologies , i am a new employee . i added you back to following .
please dm us so that we can help you
hi , we recommend following the options over the phone to reach a representative , or you can dm us your details and we can help .
please provide the details to <E-MAIL> so we can look into it !
go aussies ! thanks for your cheers ! #rio2016 #oneteam <URL>
good music and great coffee are always a great combo !
sounds great ! can 't wait to hear how great it was !
you are so lucky , glad you got a yellow car
please dm me the details about the order and i will check into the status for you .
congrats to you <USER> . your impeccable taste in #coffee and love of team just scored you a vintage tee ! please dm your contact info to claim your prize !
sorry to hear about this , please provide further details at this url <URL>
awesome , you will be a healthy person in no time
that 's so nice !
view live here
it 's possible that the manager pulled this and sent it out for delivery without scanning it .
yes you can upgrade your new device as soon as you are upgrade eligible .
hi , was this using wifi or a mobile device ?
check your email , we have sent information about this .
i will try to help you with the issue . can you give me your account number .
hello there <USER> , if you could send us a private message with your contact details , we can get a report in for you .
can you dm us your apple account number please so we can look into this for you ?
no it is not ! can you dm us with info about the store where this occurred ? thanks !
how about a free 5 night stay at any daysinn for your troubles ? `
weren 't those the days ? so good . change is good and we 've got some super new stuff we think you will love .
for reals !
so happy you liked it
i am sorry that you had a delay . check out this website for more details on compensation <URL>
please contact customer service and we will resolve issues with the order .
please dm your details so i can further investigate what the problem is .
can you message any card numbers or the receipt number / store where purchased for the reload so we can see how we can help you .
thanks for your suggestion !
don 't worry <USER> , send us a dm and we can help you find them .
that was not very nice whoever rented this for you , send a dm our way and we will help you
can you dm us your contact info so we can help ? thanks !
yes , can you mail it back ? we 'll refund your money and pay for the return cost
can you be a little more specific as to what is going on so i can help you .
shoot us your information !
any info is always welcomed , thank you
he is a luckly dog . you must really love him . thanks for sharing .
we would like to hear from you . if you would please contact our customer service department .
i 'm sorry to hear that ! please send us a dm with your email and we 'll make it right .
what is your location . send me a dm .
this is marilyn , apologies for the experience . would you like my assistance today ? please dm your name and address
please bring the vehicle to the dealership for a technical check and tune up .
that 's correct . we can 't resolve the issue from our end , our engineers need to resolve the infrastructure . sorry for the inconvenience .
please email us the details so we can assist you !
im sorry you had this experience . please contact us at 1 (800) 454-3509 so we can see what we can do to help .
oh wow , great shot !
great job !
glad to hear it has been resolved , thank you
looks like the spacing is a little off . are you waiting there now ?
we enjoyed ourselves too !
thanks ! so glad that you enjoy our services .
amazing <USER> .
i am sorry . we have been having issues with our signal , but we are working to get it resolved for you .
we can look into this for you
yes , that is correct . your pre-ordered s7 will be available tomorrow .
thank you for the positive comments . we appreciate and value your positive reviews .
so happy you like it , enjoy
yes ,
please make sure battery is fully charged before setup .
please dm your customer number and contact details and i will be glad to order some for you .
direct message us and we can have this resolved today
you are very welcome <3
please use the following email to contact us <E-MAIL> , thank you and have a great day !
we 'd be happy to compensate you for your troubles ! can you dm us your contact info ?
hi there ! your premium service would include lounge access in the uk , it wouldn 't cover a lounge on your return flight .
hi <USER> , this is actually sourced independently and doesn 't come with our package .
glad to hear you 're happy !
i apologize for that . let 's see if we can speed this up for you . can you send us a direct message ?
sorry for your break down . i will pass along your message to the technician if you would dm me your reg .
thanks for your support .
hi , what was your order number so that i can look it up ?
if you could dm your order number i can check that for you .
glad you enjoyed yourself
nice !
it sure can !
if you follow us i will be able to dm you with an update .
please contact our technical support at <NUMBERS> and they will be able to help you with that . have a great day .
hi <USER> sorry but the service isn 't something we offer .
resistance is futile ...
thanks for the love !
happens to the best of us .
sweet ! glad you like it :)
i am sorry . if you would dm me i can check your address and pick up information .
way to go ! we know you can do it . best of luck !
i 'll send you a return goods code and a prepaid shipping label for you to return the shoes for credit on your account .
here 's a link to our customer service department . hope that helps .
can you give us more details through a dm please ? we would like to fix this .
thanks for your feedback . we 'd like to hear more about your experience please email us at <E-MAIL> so that we can arrange a return order .
any order placed before 3/24 has been cancelled , and you will need to visit <URL> for a refund )
please feel free to call 550 and speak with an agent
could you provide more information about your situation ? it is unclear what you are saying .
take a look here ! <URL>
reach out to @wind - cares to troubleshoot any issues .
congrats , vauxhall have great offers for insurance for 18-24 year olds , please dm us for more info .
is this your name <USER> ? i dm 'd you please confirm reciept
hi we are following up on your case .
we want to help , just dm here with the email address on the account and we will get it to the development team ! thanks .
i can help you . contact me so i can set you up with what you 're looking for .
check out <URL> for information on compensation for your flight delay . sorry for the inconvenience ,
i sincerely apologize for that ! please send us a dm and we 'll get you sorted out asap .
hi can you tell us your order number ? we 'll see where it 's at
we 'll work on your number and dm you when you can restart to expect improvement . sorry about that !
thanks , enjoy !
we apologize , please send us an email with your repair id and we will follow up on this matter .
here is the link <URL> .
i 'll try to get in contact with someone that can help you get countless cards .
hello ashley we are sorry to hear about the inconvenience i will be happy to share this with the appropriate team . unfortunately weren 't unable to extend the scale but be sure to sign up for emails to be notified for the next sale thank you so much
oh , a possible love connection ? anything for love <URL> worth a try . good luck . send us the wedding photos .
we can help , contact us with your confirmation number
sorry for the inconvenience , <USER> . it has been discontinued while we work on our mobile site .
have a great day !
yes , they still are !
<USER> we can help you get compensation for the delay today , please put us to work <URL>
sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can look into your issues ? we 'd be happy to help .
all the info is where it needs to be ! they should be on it now ! thanks for letting us know .
i am sorry for the problems . we are working hard to get things back up and running smoothly .
hello ! please drop us a link using this button and we 'll get back to you as soon as possible . thanks !
sorry tho hear about this , tell us more details at <URL> and we 'll follow it up .
i will look into this for you , please dm me your order details .
thanks for the #lexuslove .
there should not be any issues , please email <E-MAIL> .
is there anything we can do to help ?
wakefield college is open today .
unfortunately this item is now sold out
we will see what we can arrange . can i have your flight number please ?
i do apologize <USER> bunching can occur when there is traffic on the route , our supervisors are working
thanks for sharing .
hello <USER> , i would like to look in to this matter further for you . please dm your name , address , and contact information so i can be of further assistance . thank you .
right now , no . but stay tuned !
unfortunately we do required booking for the whole night but let me see it there are any promos available .
glad you had a good experience !
thank you for reaching out ! we have read your message and responded .
it should have shipped out . please dm us with your order details
we will respond to you shortly . this matter is being looked into currently .
thank you for the loyalty and don 't forget to checkout using #payumoney to activate the offer . have a great day .
so sorry to hear that . we have passed on your feedback to our transit team .
sorry , the traffic has caused route issues today . we 'll work on it .
we have worked on your number . please restart your phone and try again . we would appreciate feedback on how it goes for you . thank you .
please stop by guest services at section 100 so we can celebrate with you , would love to give her a commemorative birthday lanyard .
i believe they were cut out of this release .
glad the new speeds meet your demands . enjoy .
they will be ready to load and go after the concert tomorrow .
great !
looping in @cavswgunited for more details though and additional info , please visit <URL>
best first step is calling the reservation center at this <NUMBERS> person to person . they should have all of that info .
yes ! and if you want , it also fits in the square :)
you can send a text message to 5060 with the word , " start . "
i will have our colleagues @vmbusinesshelp reach out to you soon
thank you that is a good ideal we will look at it .
we will contact you as soon as more information is available .
thanks for letting us know .
i 'm sorry i cannot assist you with your issue via private message . please do call <NUMBERS> or send a message to <E-MAIL> .
sorry about the wait ! could you give us more details about the delays ? thanks for your help .
what seems to be the problem ?
can you provide me with those numbers and i 'll see what i can do ?
let me check to see if we are having any current issues with the website on our end .
sorry , please email <E-MAIL> to tell us about the experience .
please look at the bottom half of the receipt for the number .
there is a lot of work going on behind the scenes , we keep improving our service daily
thanks , this affects us all , and we 're working on making sure #netneutrality is maintained
thanks for continuing to be a loyal customer and don 't hesitate to contact us with any ideas or feedback you may have .
hi <USER> , we 'll send your feedback to out dev team .
please dm me your info and i 'll be happy to help !
we don 't do that .
the manager could have resolved the issue with a replacement .
i 'm sorry about that , please dm your phone number and i will call you back .
thanks for the positive feedback .
they are still in style so rock what you got .
sorry to hear about this . have you tried to use the forgot your password link yet ?
two of the scheduled runs weren 't in service because operators weren 't able to make their shifts .
oooh , sounds very nice ! relaxing . :)
so glad to hear it ! thanks for passing on the awesome feedback . <3
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues , including license plate number , date / time of occurrence , street name , zip , and your contact phone number . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
thanks ! this looks like a something we can run with so everyone can enjoy . we 're thinking after the holidays when everyone is back to wanting to eat healthy . we appreciate your post .
that awesome , let me just check and make sure they have it ready fo you .
thank you for contacting us , the bundle finishes depending on your usage , please message us with your account number so that we can check your current status .
i 'm sorry . i can look at it if you send me your order number .
thanks for taking the time to let us know . i sent your feedback to our team .
this is a nice pic
thank you and glad that you enjoy spending your mornings with our favorite as well . get your tee by visiting <URL>
i can check that fro you . could you please dm me with your policy number ?
absolutely , you can leave reviews here <URL>
oh i bet that was a nice surprise !
did you get confirmation that the emails were sent successfully ? i am not seeing any emails on my end at all .
helo ! tweet the customer service team so they can help .
yes , the winners will get an email .
we can only communicate via email . apologies .
it 's a chrome fork that is geared towards facebook integration .
that is not needed unless i can help with anything else .
we are wicked happy to hear that .
that should not be happening , we have options it there are continued service issues .
give me one second to look into this for you . i will be right back .
sure , please dm us and we 'll issue your refund .
i am sorry you are having problems , can you please send a message or contact tech support so we can help you get you phone connected .
i apologize for the issue , please dm me with details .
enjoy your time off !
hello there . i will be happy to help you . may i have your name and logmein id please ?
it should be a string of numbers starting with 9 .
please contact us so we can call you <E-MAIL>
some kind of vintage jeans . think they were levis .
hello ! this little change shouldn 't impact your mobile service at all , it 's just an adjustment we made to the look of things . sorry for the confusion .
can you please dm us for further assistance ?
at this time , you must have a clip to be about to access the narrative apps / / elisabet .
sorry for the poor experience . please dm so we may look into it
please contact customer service and they will be happy to help you .
i have just turned it back on for you
here is a number you can use to reach a live agent 24/7 <NUMBERS>
please send us a message so we can look into it
i am so glad that you enjoyed it so much . it goes with everything .
we can try to help find her . can you dm us with more details of time of your visit ?
really sorry for the situation . please send us the details through a dm and we will send it on to the people who need to see this ! thanks
i 'm sorry we don 't right now . keep checking for updates .
hope youre enjoying everything !
sure thing , please dm us your details and we 'll look into it .
please go to settings and clear cache for the app and see if that helps
thanks for reaching out ! this product has been discontinued  .
great i will respond shortly . thank you .
i will notify the station management about this .
have you contacted customer service at <URL> yet ?
if there was special instructions not to leave it at the front door , the delivery man should not have . we want to help you with this
we sure think you do
thank you for sharing and so glad that this has been a great experience for you .
sorry , please send us your account number and we 'll look into your issue and refund the money if we can .
you will start seeing them next month !
yes , there were delays along that route earlier , and that has really backed up the streetcars following . where are you at now ? we 'll see if we can get more info on that area .
the system will return the best available for the remaining tickets , what venue are you trying to attend ?
dm us your location and we 'll be happy to give you a list of local stores where you can buy our loaves !
please send your shipping address to <E-MAIL> and we 'll see if we can find a solution for you . thanks !
currently there is no set date for the midnight release , keep in eye on our twitter for updates .
sorry , the opening party is on the same night . :(
please visit our calculator on our website for quotes . if you would like to speak to me send me your number . thanks
sorry to hear that you are experiencing issues with the service <USER> , please dm your account information , contact and veh details so i might be able to further assist you .
can you dm us your exact address so we can give you the location of our closest shop ? thanks !
sorry to hear that , please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
thank you we will look into this and get back to you as soon as possible
congratulations !
i just checked and you 're in luck , there is indeed amx platinum access at sfo . you have any other questions ?
unfortunately , sometimes our work happens during other major events . sorry for the inconvenience .
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
you can be assured that your issue is being investigated .
please send us a dm with your phone number , the store location and we will fix it !
we are excited for things to come too . get ready .
to use the l10 off no vouchers or promos can be used simultaneously .
i 'm sorry to hear about that ! i agree , that is not acceptable . please contact us asap to look into this .
i 'm sorry <USER> , but i am unable to give you a specific date on when the launch will be . however , please be assured it will be as quick as possible .
please contact me and i will be more than happy to assist . cheers .
luckily we have a similar offer . dial * 500 # and choose option 4 to activate it .
please visit <URL> for more information regarding compatibility .
hi . thanks for reaching out to us . the 90 - day program you 're asking about is only available to new customers right now . we 'd love to hear how we can best serve our existing customers too . would you be interesting in giving us feedback by completing this online survey ? www.survey.com
sorry to hear that . we want to make it right - please contact <URL> .
glad you love our yogurt bites we are looking to add new flavors every day .
we are here to assist you 24/7
that 's no good ! please dm me for help .
our team is currently working on the problem and will hopefully have it back up soon .
thank you for the input <USER>
hello . try this link . click on the front of the line and pay with your american express card .
we are sorry for your experience , please give us a chance to make it right .
thanks for notifying us . i 'll pass your comments to our team so they can investigate .
please spread your experience
oh good well of there is anything i can assist you will you can contact us through our website or call us on our 800 number .
<USER> , you can give us a call at <NUMBERS> . thanks !
oh dear . please contact us to assist you .
we are working hard to find a resolution , please stick with us through this .
please contact us directly at <E-MAIL> so we can help .
champ logos are coming soon stay tuned
let me see what i can pull up using only that model number .
great . glad you got this sorted out . please don 't hesitate to reach out again .
we are sorry your baby isnt doing well but rest assured , shes in good hands .
send us all your questions . we are happy to help !
can you dm us so we can get you your credits !
thank for your reply . we 'll correspond through dm .
what is your issue with purchasing online ?
we sure are #qlderpride
please bring the product to any of our stores for a full refund .
we are in the process of stocking those now
unfortunately those are our decor but you can purchase the same natural canvas classics and put your own design on them .
hi there . if you need help to ask visit the store .
happy to hear it ! have a nice day !
can you please dm us your name ?
thanks for the info and i will solve the warranty problem and be in touch . thanks
oh no ! sorry you weren 't happy . please send us the details at <URL> and we 'll try to help you out .
i apologize for your inconvenience , please pm me with your information and what issues you are having .
sometimes they are auto on at the same time . we are sorry for any inconvenience .
send us a dm .
we added the deal for you :)
thank you for letting us know . they 're wind away zones so you 'd have low flat rates .
kinda makes you wonder why they even have more than those players at all !
as you know we cannot control all employees but we will do our best to assist you with anything else
we are currently working on this
no problem you are very welcome please enjoy the weekend !
i hope you can find something soon . keep your chin up .
they are a good company , full of nice makeup !
hi <USER> , if you order with us today you should receive your clip in feburary . let me know if you have more questions .
i will escalate this to the higher ups , please provide your account info
if you will dm us info on the days and times you have this issue , i 'll get you in touch with the district manager .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
we 'll pass your concerns on to the design team !
could you tell me the make and model of your unit and we can begin to troubleshoot your problem from there .
glad to hear . which variety is your favorite ?
hello <USER> . we already created a report about your connection . please check you email for details .
thanks for your support andcheering on #aus . let 's go aussies ! win it for the aussies .
including international orders , yes .
we are a supplier for natural gas and have no control over hydro .
if you could contact one of our care experts on <NUMBERS> they should be able to sort this out immediately .
thanks , we love it too !
they will actually be the same weight , this is actually a typo on the print . we are sorry
please dm your order number and we will look
sure thing ! we look forward to having you in our sprint family !
please dm and we can send one out to you
we 're sorry for the delay i have passed your comments on to our cs team if you need further assistance please contact us at 1837473 72 for mediate assistance
i 'm sorry for the inconvenience . a variety of factors can affect availability . can i have you phone number so i can look into this further ?
we don 't have any current restocking info .
every day should be picture day when you 're adorable !
i will let john know this he will love the feedback !
you can get it delivered to you at <URL> !
we would love to hear your feedback . please dm us your email address and opinions for us to share with our team .
it happens from time to time , just the way it was baked
there 's no problem . we still have access to large amounts of chicken .
we appreciate the feedback . we 'll pass this on to our reps .
let me help you go ahead and book those on this end .
<USER> i apologize for the delay you are experiencing , please send me your details via dm so i can try to help you resolve this issue .
sorry about the misunderstanding . please dm us with account info so we may look it up for you .
that 's unfortunate to here . can you provide more details of the service you received ?
we would love to help but it is best to get help from the country you are in here is the contact @blockbuster_uk . they should be able to help quicker !
thank you for the feedback , always glad to hear when someone enjoys our product ! have a great day .
happy to receive all feedback .
check out the <URL> website to see how these rare events happen .
i apologize for any inconvenience , let me try and help you .
you 're very welcome . have a wonderful evening !
you can indeed ! any shop can assist .
were you able to get everything worked out ?
yes you may bring it back to any ikea for a refund .
thanks for the feedback !
please dm me your details so i can check on that for you .
we couldn 't have done it without you , <USER> .
sorry to hear this . we can help you get compensated .
no problem ! happy to help :)
i can help you immediately , here is my dm info <URL> for the future so this does not happen again .
we have made just a tiny change
it is not ready yet but we are feverishly working on it and should have it up for download very soon . see our apps page for the latest . thanks !
we are not like that ! sorry about the issues <USER> we 'd love to chat and work things out - we 'll send you a dm <3
sorry , if you are experiencing a system issue , please let us know so we can report it .
the easiest way to do this would be for me to cancel the order and issue you the credit , that way you can make sure you 're selecting exactly what you like so that we don 't get it mixed up . would that be okay ?
it has impacted us all , please reach out to us if you need anything else
hi , i 'm sorry to hear that . we are aware of the problem and are working on it . we will be sending out an update soon and hope to have the problem fixed shortly .
that is a good idea ! i loved that movie .
let me check with our care team and i 'll get back to you
hi there , please dm me your name , delivery address , tracking number and phone number , so i can investigate this issue for you .
looks great ! wish we could 've been there !
you are welcome . glad it worked out .
could you please contact us with where you purchased your chair ?
we apologize for the delay . team @vmbusinesshelp should be in contact soon . thank you for your patience .
thank you for alerting us . our team has been apprised .
in some places yes . can you give me your exact location ?
kids are like that sometimes . glad to see you have other things to do .
tweet your pics to @tweetygtv and enter for your chance to also win !
we 're unable to comment on future releases , but keep an eye out on our page for everything new !
hi dave , i am glad to hear that you love our juttis . you can order them online via amazon . de and many other online shoe retailers . i suggest using the google shopping search . thanks !
could you instead email us at <E-MAIL> ? thank you .
i 'm sorry for the confusion <USER> ! you should see the route change starting on monday .
@user , we 're sorry to hear that you 're experiencing trouble ! please dm us so we can help you .
if you could send us a private message with more details of your experience , we would like to make it right .
having locks that don 't stay locked was never our intention . here is a our customer service line <NUMBERS> so that you may file an official complaint .
we 're really sorry you 're disappointed <USER> . how can we make this right ?
we are sorry that you were not happy about the service . please dm us your contact information so we can contact you directly to resolve your issue .
you are welcome , i will be sending a message with my contact information in case you have issues during the technician visit .
oh my word yes !
we are working hard to upgrade our network
we are so glad to be of help to you . please let us know if any further issues arise !
looking forward !
there sure is
we 're going to pass this along to @payumoneycare and have them settle this for you !
dm with your personal contact info including order , store location , and tracking details so i can assist you .
i am so happy you had a great experience !
we love you too
you are the best too !
we are so happy to hear you received your replacement wine cooler :) thanks for the update !
i hate that these big market teams get to pick ahead of my suns . screwed again !
sorry you haven 't gotten the other one . can you dm me your order number ? i 'll look into it .
sorry , can you provide some more details at <E-MAIL> ?
we are very sorry to hear about this . please dm or email us at <E-MAIL> so we can discuss .
please send us a dm and we will look into this for you .
sorry you had troubles spending your voucher <USER> can you dm us for further assistance
your requests are duly noted ! :) - anna
yes , i sent it just now , what can you do that will be different ?
we 're very sorry for the inconvenience ! our team is investigating the problem now . thank you for the reference number . we will let you know as soon as the problem is resolved .
thanks for your support ! let 's go team ! !
i am soryr to hear this . please send us a dm so we can help .
we did stop delivery for this area , however , you 'll be happy to know that we have a new store up and running now and invite you to drop by and visit .
we look forward to see the entry from you !
we don 't know currently , but stay tuned !
beautiful !
yes the good ol days !
wow , that does not sound good . can you please provide more details about the situation ?
thanks for the feedback . we 'll let the team know .
we apologize for the problems you are having . please dm us with your email so we can help you .
hey ! unfortunately we have ran out of the black connectors . please check back to see when we have them in stock .
contact us via email for more help .
thanks for the support .
hi <USER> , we are looking forward to the new store opening sometime in the late fall of 2017 !
we want to help you be less annoyed ! if you dm us your number we can call you ! sorry about all this .
if you are on a computer , there is a video across the top of the screen
i personally like the 90s .
hey there <USER> , do you mind dming us with the train number that you 're on ? we 'd love to get to the bottom of this ! thank you !
i am sorry to hear that you are having these issues . dm me so we can solve this .
i 'm so sorry to hear that . is there anything we can do to help ?
not yet ! maybe look again ;)
you 're welcome , we 're glad you love them as much as we do !
thanks for the #lexuslove <USER> , right back at you !
yes , these are perfectly safe for pregnant and breastfeeding moms . however prolonged exposure to high heat can be problematic so ensure that you have the temperature regulated .
anytime you need the help sarah !
totally understandable . please send me your phone number so i can get in touch with you .
our team will be in contact with you soon . thanks <USER>
on no , <USER> . please send me a pm with the order number and i 'll look into this issue further for you .
the document is eco friendly .
you are welcome , i will let everyone know about the positive feedback .
and redbox loves you ! scream away .
that should be available latter this summer or fall . follow us here and we 'll post it when it becomes available .
thanks for the compliment .
@user , your package is out for delivery and will be delivered shortly ! hope you love your products !
what number did you dial to get this feedback ? thank you for the information .
great to hear about the strong team @teamworkpm .
sorry to hear of your trouble . please send us a dm with details and we will help you out .
of course ! please give me your information in a private message and i 'll make sure it gets into our customer service team 's hands .
am i late for the chat ?
just let me get a little information and we will get you goin again .
i am sorry that his happened , give me the complaint number and i will personally take the case or escalate it to our executive relations if needed .
as soon as we have a restock date , we 'll make sure to post it for you .
we hope you enjoy your read !
confirmation that the order is ready to ship .
i 'm sorry to hear you 're having problems . how can i help you ?
hello mike , sorry to hear about this . looping our cst in on this to be of further assistance @vmbusinesshelp
no , you are all set :)
we apologize for your experience . shoot us a dm and we can look at this closer .
i 'm sorry to hear that , we are glad to know your opinion
amazing ! what is your favorite nikon camera ?
happy to have you on the team ! :) :) :)
we are sorry for the misleading information , we will pass along your feedback !
we 've sent you a refund for your order .
i am sorry .
awesome ! glad you 're loving it !
yes , they are great for tea and like teacakes . enjoy
there will be a reception backstage to pass time .
i am so happy you found something to your liking . what do you like best about it ?
you can reach customer care at <URL>
contact us to see if you are eligible for compensation .
different religions run their business they way they want . like the muslims who won 't let the female worker wear scarfs on their heads .
we 're here to assist , please check your email for instructions to return or activate your unit .
we love you more !
here 's hoping for the best !
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
hi , please call us at 1-800- subaru - 3 .
all the above are options . whichever you 'r most comfortable with .
be sure to stop by our booth and pick up some swag !
we 've got the dm and replied upon it thanks !
hi <USER> , thanks so much for your great review !
we are sorry for your trouble . if you would direct message an email address our support team can help you as soon as possible .
we are glad to assist you , if there are any issues please do not hesitate to contact us . stay strong for surviving irma !
hello . if this is still an issue can you please dm me your address , number , and name . thank you .
very sorry about this . are images displaying properly on your other tribe apps ?
we do have some informational shorts at the following site <URL> .
thanks for the shout out <USER> . we strive to set an example in the community and appreciate the feedback .
thanks for the tweet !
we 've received your dm and sent a response . thanks !
this isn 't what we want to hear :( we 'd hate to see you leave our sprint family . please send us a dm so we can help you out .
hello brian the next right guy will be released in december 6 , 2017 thank you
real sorry , our techs are on it . no exact time estimate but it should be resolved very soon . we are continually providing updates on our index page .
i hope it gets fixed as well . are there any other questions you have ?
the coupon that you are trying it online only , let me walk you through it .
you can do it ! let us know if we can make your stay more comfortable .
hi there , please dm me your information so that i can see what this was all about and if they were members of our service team . thanks in advance .
ok we can do that tomorrow and proceed with the credit if necesary . thanks for your patience .
that needs to be addressed . can you dm us with your order content so we can assist you ?
oh , dear ! that 's not what we like to hear . thanks for letting us know . could you message us some purchase details so we can look into the matter ?
hello ! can you check your dm for a reply so we can help ?
real sorry , they normally are very on top of things . call us at our main contact phone number and we will gladly provide more specific assistance .
that means a lot , we 've spent time getting these right .
we have had delays due to some snowstorms , i apologize for any inconvenience .
oh , no ! that 's not what we like to hear , <USER> . if you could give us more info at <URL> , we 'll look into it .
we are so sorry to find that out . when and at which location did you stay ?
okay . i appreciate the information . thank you .
sorry to hear that ! we 're forwarding your query to our customer service department . please let us know if you don 't receive assistance .
please dm us with the url you used for your order .
i sent you a dm regarding your order status !
thanks for the support !
i apologize for the product being unavailable . we are working hard to meet the demand and hope to get more product available to you soon .
yes . feel free to shop @journeys . <URL> , thanks !
thanks for the feedback ! i 've passed along your comment . please dm me if there 's anything else i can do !
please provide more details for further assistance
best of luck <USER> , we 're behind you 100 % !
hello <USER> , this is not good . is there anything i can help with ?
the feeling is mutual !
ok we are doing our best , and contacted them should be all signed up . anything else we can do to help ?
okay . thank you .
thanks for the update ! you just saved me from rushing down !
you will be on the road in no time . good luck .
i 'm so sorry to hear that . please dm me your information and i will take you off of our mailing list .
i 'm sorry about that , i have been really busy . i will check it out now
you 're welcome ! have a nice day !
apologies that you are experiencing difficulties ! please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
we will dm you the tracking number , you should have received an email .
at this time we don 't do weekend delievery
we would not do this if you have a ticket what exactly occured ?
we are sorry to hear that , please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
the last resort is set to reset . but this will delete everything on your phone .
thank you , enjoy !
there are times we outsource our calls when there is heavy traffic , maybe you got rerouted , we apologize for the misunderstanding
great suggestion : _
can you please dm us your contact info and order number ? we 'd be happy to help you out !
great ! here is the warranty information for our products <URL>
which location is this at and can you provide more details ?
sorry to hear that you have a bad experience during your stay , please can you tell us what you did not like . you can call us at 1-800-446.1589 or send us email .
yes , i am sending that to you right now .
you have to purchase the phone from our offices before activating the data package .
we 're sent you a dm . please check your messages for more info .
what can we do to help make this better ? let me know .
thank you so much ! <3
welcome home .
we will look into it asap
i want to inform you that all the nkrumah heads are out on the market .
thank you for the great feedback .
i am sorry that this is still and issue . we are aware of it and are working on it .
we look forward to it !
hi <USER> , i 'd be happy to look into that for you . can you please dm me the name you used to sign up for our service ?
with the receipt yes that should not be an issue
that 's no good ! please dm me your contact info so i can look into this for you .
your order has shipped , your tracking number is <URL>
we agree completely ! :)
glad to have you as a customer , we appreciate the business .
we 're so sorry you feel this way . send us your email and we can further assist you .
can you dm details of your stay and we 'll address this for you ?
from my research he package is not deemed as lost . however we will do more research and you will receive a call back . )
glad to loved the surprise !
hope you enjoyed some good jokes ! night !
hi <USER> if you tell me the style savannah likes i may be able to suggest something similar .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! what feedback do you get when you try viewing any of the tv stations ?
apologies . we 'll work on that asap
you 're welcome ! happy to hear you 're enjoying them .
we will check on your case and get back to you .
thanks for sharing with us and enjoy .
you are correct ! good luck ! !
we are sorry you are experiencing difficulty with service . please dm us so that we can assist with this .
time to do some shopping and upgrade the feet . cheers .
sorry you received a spam call . it was not us
maybe you could share that story now ? waiting is highly over rated !
please dm us and we can work to resolve this issue .
i am sorry that service has not been up to our high standards . i would like to talk more with you about the issues at your convenience through dm or personal phone call .
thank you , please allow until 5:00 pm for contact , i will try to touch base before then .
i was unaware of an issue , what was wrong with it ?
sorry . please dm us your issue so we can make amends , .
please send us your details so we can track it for you .
thank you to help us out . if you could send us a dm that would help out a lot .
i have sent you and email along with the tracking information . let me know if there 's anything else you need !
we would sell it if we could .
check out our line of sneakers , they are similar to cordones in comfort .
thanks for the support
we 'd love to have you ! here 's our current deals . see anything you like ? <URL>
we are happy that you are happy . thanks for the love .
impressive figures there my friend
we sure do have one . sign up here url .
please check here for your specific model <URL>
it 's a bright , clear day . no overcast . do you need anything else ?
it might be a problem unit . have you tried anything else to fix it ?
hi <USER> . unfortunately , we can 't see those emails . if you email <E-MAIL> , we can respond . thank you .
how can we make it up to you ? my advice is to file a case ; you may be eligible for compensation .
oh no that is bad
hank you for bringing this to our attention , <USER> . one of our specialists will take a look .
our honest apologies , please give customer service a call at <NUMBERS> so we can make it up to you . this is not the way we train our reps to handle situations . thank you for your patience , we hope to hear from you soon .
please take it back for an exchange or we can do that over the phone , whichever is easier for you
strollers are allowed but will be checked at security .
thanks ! =D
let 's go team !
hi <USER> , please be patient , we are still looking for your order , thank you .
i can answer any questions , please check your dm box , i have sent and explanation .
people are the future !
what are your ddetails ?
let me contact a supervisor and see what we can do .
best buy should be able to help you find the receipt .
this will definitely take some ongoing discussion and we certainly want to get there .
it was at the target in rochester ny , three weeks ago .
we wish you all the luck !
we are thrilled to have you !
we 're sorry for your experience ! please dm us with your info so we can reach out to you privately .
check the mobile site to see any real time restrictions . the app may not be working properly .
yes could you try this contact <URL> and let me know if your issue is not resolved .
as of now our distributor is having problems but look for it on shelves in the near future
i 'm sorry but what issue are you exactly experiencing ?
thanks for the love !
very true ! what did you have for lunch ?
sorry you 'd had issues using our site , can you please dm us further details ?
please send your tickets back to 2nd floor , college park house , 20 nassau street , dublin 2 .
we sure are !
we will not be available until the morning , but then we will get right to you .
can you send a dm with your email address and i maybe able to pull it up since you are unable to find the order number ?
thank you for reaching out to us at the u . s . social media team . please contact <NUMBERS> for further assistance with your issue .
wow ! how gorgeous are these views ! thank you for sharing them with us all !
we are always glad to help !
hello , unfortunately no one is available at the moment . we will have a team member answer you in the morning .
we apologize for the difficulties you are experiencing . please contact us via email so we can better assist you .
if you can , please give us a call so we can help you out <NUMBERS>
you did it ! way to go .
if you would provide me with your tracking number through dm i can assist you .
please contact me if you have any questions , we are here to help . thanks
wonderful . very happy that you 're enjoyoing it . thank you for letting us know :)
we 're so sorry . did you get the bus number ? give us a call at <NUMBERS> and we can get this sorted for you .
no , unfortunately this isn 't a ticketmaster event ! sorry about that .
are you having billing issues ? please dm us so we can further assist you .
i 'm sorry you are having problems . please send me a dm so that i can further assist you .
aww , thank you
i apologize for that . can you dm me your acct # and email so that i can resolve the issue .
awesome milestone ! ! on to another 200k miles ! !
we don 't currently have the ability to easily add social media icons to your cards . we hope this helps ! )
can you dm me with your order details so i can look into this for you ? )
thank you for letting us know . i 've told our team about it !
our team needs your number and yes this is a legitimate mailing .
we 're sorry to hear that . if you could , dm us your reg / vin at @vauxhall
we only give through our giving partners .
you 're very welcome !
email us at <E-MAIL> so we can look into this !
please contact us at <NUMBERS> so we can take care of this .
it 's available on * 555 # option 5 .
we are sorry to inconvenience you . if you send me your <E-MAIL> i will have you removed from the list .
i am so sorry you are experiencing this situation ! can you dm with your exact address ?
that eamil would be <E-MAIL> . look forward to hearing from you .
you may contact the dealer if you need further assistance
send your details via email .
suggest any titles you want to see .
