please contact the person or shop you bought this from
awesome , glad you enjoyed them !
you 're welcome ! :)
the sms is 45926 . please let us know if you need more help .
okay , <USER> , i 'm going to report your problem .
hi there ! have you been helped with this matter yet ? if not , please send over the details and i 'll try and find your package for you !
you can definitely do that if you please
that is strange . can you tell me the excursion , date and hotel ?
yes , we hope to restock them in september . we 're just waiting on new shipments from @adidas . in the meantime , there are still limited quantities available in store .
please contact tech support at <URL> , they 'll get you all fixed up .
i would be happy to look into this further if you can provide your order number and name , thank you .
i would love that too . unfortunately we have to sleep sometime . sorry we missed you .
she 's due to arrive at 9 pm . hang tight and enjoy !
we don 't have any restock information at the moment .
great advice .
glad you like our cropped pant style , we think they feel as good as they look !
you may be eligible for compensation , let us help and do the work for you !
i 'm sorry you had to witness such offensive behavior . can you provide time of day that you visited ?
we gave you free youtube and if you have any suggestions as to how we could improve the perks please let us know . we value your business !
yay ! we love our customers ! happy friday :)
what is a good time to contact you ? we just tried to call but did not receive an answer .
i 'm sorry . we are experiencing unusually high call volume right now . were you able to talk to someone ?
this should be under warranty . where was it purchased ?
you are welcome , glad you are happy !
we 're happy to hear you 're happy !
hello <USER> , could you please send a dm with the vin number for your vehicle so i can check to see if this feature is one that should be working for you .
thanks for letting us know . we are on it .
you should be receiving your code later today .
we have our cash rewards online , i would be happy to help you find this
the delay was due to a massive storm . we are sorry for the inconvenience but we are please to inform that your next flight is on us .
nice ! can you tell us what you 're watching ?
we are sorry to hear of your experience , please let us make it up to you , you can call us at <NUMBERS>
hi . i apologize for your trouble . i can help you .
i 'm sorry but we don 't have any copies here . try finding a store and they should have one for you .
nothing beats a relaxing bath
it looks amazing !
they are valid until your account exist .
no we would never do that
the #truthordare album is also not doing as well , can i send you a free cape ?
we would love to pass on the love to the team that helped you , if that is good with you . if so can you dm me your reg so we can arrange that ? they would love to hear it .
sorry to hear this , we can offer a refund , please click this link <URL>
hi , please send a dm so we can help .
congratulations ! we knew you could do it .
sorry about that , you can contact us directly at <E-MAIL> .
we would love to help you in a direct message !
do you make all of these yourself ? that is incredible !
wonderful pictures ! did yo enjoy it ?
the signs are estimates only , and cannot account for all variables .
just saw your email , we will send you more information shortly .
same for you friend !
hi would you care to give us a ring at <NUMBERS> ?
awesome , how are you enjoying it ?
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
so glad you 're enjoying your coffee !
what website did you use ?
can you clarify your question , please ?
sounds like an interesting time .
hello user . i am very sorry that you are having problems opening an account . you are right it should not take multiple visits and attempts . can i have a phone number and / or email so that a manger can contact you to resolve this ?
glad your issue was resolved . please contact us if you need anything else .
sorry about the issues , you can email at the giving team here <E-MAIL> . thank-you .
sorry about that . could you email me at <E-MAIL> or dm at twitter so i can help you directly .
people like you , <USER> , that love us as much as we love you
we hear you !
yes they do !
great news , crossland x is available to see at our showrooms ! check it out at <URL>
we love it too ! thanks for sharing !
i am so glad to hear this . you are welcome !
can you dm us so we can further assist you ?
hey , sorry your having issues . what was going on right before the camera in the front stopped working ? have you tried to restart the phone ?
we would like to assist you if you would dm with your concerns .
use our trip planner to help you out here <URL> .
zing , our relationship is built on jokes .
i make sure i 'm getting all i can out of each shot too .
we are sorry to hear about the trouble you have been having ! please send us a dm and we will provide you the location to send the invoice .
hello ! what company was this ?
i hope the weather stays agreeable .
might as well keep it now .
if you bring in what is left of the package to your aldi store they should be able to help you !
please contact technical support and provide a detailed description of your issues .
glad that it is working out for you !
can you provide me with your tracking so i can look into this further ?
great talking to you !
can you dm us a copy of your emails and any transaction number they provided ?
think this should apply to all players .
thats a great idea
hi , <USER> . where are you located ?
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
it appears that it is not possible , do you have the specific model you are looking for ?
hello ! unfortunately , we don 't have any lanyards right now :( thanks for contacting us , anyways !
what size are you seeking ? also the one you 're looking for is available in all sizes .
so sorry for the delay . let me see what i can do to ensure you get proper compensation for waiting .
call us directly .
it will vary , there is , however , an all inclusive option .
please refer to the website and locate the map . thanks .
what issue are you experiencing ?
we recently launched a dedicated customer care page : @iwcare .
hey <USER> , can you provide further details so that i may assist you ?
so sorry to hear this can you please call us on another line at <NUMBERS> so we can troubleshoot the issue ?
work it ! #dance
sounds like a terrible experience . what can we do to help ?
hi user , there is no specific range for babies to start wearing shoes necessarily . this is a matter of personal choice . we do offer very small toms shoes for 0-6 months :)
i 'm sorry to hear that <USER> , go ahead and report this at <URL> at your convenience
thats what you call great customer service , glad we could help
it 's kind of an all the time thing , but next time i will be sure to jot that down .
could you please list which store this incident occurred at ? free refills should be available , no questions asked , as long as the store is open .
sorry to hear that . how can i help further ?
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues , including your number . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
glad we could get it all right for you :)
sorry about your d / l speeds can you tell me some more info
can you tell me what you saw specifically ?
please contact our reservation departmentq
we 're sorry to hear that . can you dm us your email so that we can have a rep reach out to you ?
oh no . sorry to hear that ! . send us an email so we can fix this issue !
please dm us with this problem , we 'd like to see if there 's something we can do for you .
thank you for the information . i have an updated number for you . do you have a pen handy ?
hi ! we can help . that 's standard for on demand rental agreement . let us know if you have any other troubles .
i am sorry to hear this . please dm so we can further help you .
we make sure our animal skins are sourced from ethical farming standards but understand that many people vary in what they consider ethical .
great to hear !
thanks for your support .
try superga and @newbalanceuk on each foot .
it could be the network , have you tried restarting ?
great news ! keep up the excellent eating !
we are so sorry you feel that way . please tell me the problem and i 'll try my best to rectify it for you .
please send a dm and we will look for a solution for you ,
sooner than you think , please check <URL> , you will love what is coming next summer .
sorry for your trouble . if you dm me your account number i will look into this right away .
i am sorry that you had this issue , that is certainly not your fault , what can i do to help ?
thank you , <USER> ! we love it when our customers share their great shopping experiences <3
please dm us your e-mail for better assistance
at this time we do not
yes you did ! can 't wait to check it out .
i am sorry to hear that . i would love to get this fixed for you , what is your account information so that i can refund you .
thank you for that .
glad to see your high interest in our camera ! great narrative !
your order has been refunded and i issued you a new credit code .
hi , you can enroll anytime at <URL> .
hello , this type of information is best confirmed directly with your dealership .
we 're positive she loves the support ! hope you 'll be watching her tomorrow night on @etv !
beautiful pictures , thanks for sharing ! so glad you 're happy with everything !
please send us a dm with order number , address and tracking number .
hopefully it 's as exciting as advertised !
if you would send us your contact info and tracking number , i would be happy to look into this for you .
i am sorry that you feel that way . please tell me how can we better serve you in the future ?
our suggestion is the d5500 which is a travel ready dslr with wifi .
we love the smell too ! #greattaste
you will have to buy it online as of right now since it isn 't in store . sorry to hear that .
have you spoke with the service department about this ?
we love it . thanks for the shout out !
i would be happy to assist you . please dm me with the information about your cancelled flight , and i will try to find you a reasonable alternative .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! we 'd be glad to offer you some compensation to help make up for it . please dm us your contact info so we can help .
if you send a dm with contact info and best time to reach i will take care of this for you .
dm or email us so that we can address your concern
if you could shoot us a dm we 'd be happy to help you .
we have not been given an exact date yet since repairs are ongoing but i 'm sure that it will not be too much longer .
yep , we 've all been desperate enough to look there once or twice .
@theqassis can provide you with further assistance
sorry to hear this !
hello , did you purchase from us directly ? you can contact our customer service at <URL> .
were you able to contact us via phone ?
good point . please provide me with your email and phone number so we can be of further assistance .
<USER> sorry to hear that you are having a bad experience . can you please dm us your contact info so that we can look into this further ?
someone must have drank all the water from our reservoir . sorry about that , lets make things right . please contact us
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
please dm me and i will see what i can do .
i will check to see what is wrong . what is the four digit bus number ?
hi , please send a dm so we can help with your order .
i have contacted the appropriate team for you to get the help you need .
unfortunately we don 't , but can i recommend a different color ?
the product will be in stores until the end of october so make you you stock up before it 's gone .
no , thank you for joining us !
i would like to help you get checked in . what device are using to select your seat ?
sorry to hear that ! you can call the store directly or dm us for help
awesome shots ! we love it !
if you send me the details of repair and vin number via dm i would be glad to help .
i can help you if you dm me your tracking and order information .
i 'm sorry that you feel that way , but would be happy to assist you .
we are sorry to hear about your wait ! please reach out to us so we can get you some compensation .
please contact us and ill assist you .
perhaps you could send us more information <E-MAIL> . we would like to adress this issue .
any updates are listed at this address <URL>
i 'd be happy to look into that for you .
we do have a department that deals with disconnect and retention , i can transfer you there .
appreciate you being a fan and all the support . cheers
sorry , i just replied to your dm .
nothing beats a good deal on an awesome shirt . time for selfies !
it will be an awesome night !
glad you are loving it ! thank you for your support of our product .
we allow 10 business days from the purchase date so it should be soon !
we are having technical issues with our site , but we are working to resolve this asap !
thanks for the love !
great day for you
please dm us your size and we will look into it
please provide the order number & we 'll try to make it right .
they can help with that . please contact the flight delay team right away .
we have followed you
please give me your details and i will check it out for you .
we apologize for the trouble you 've experienced . please dm me your info so that we can assist you further .
sorry for the inconvenience . we 'll get that free give right out to you . please let us know your order number .
how can we help you ?
sure , i 'd be happy to give you suggestions . what are her favorite products ? i can recommend some things she might like .
i love those types of parties . i knew someone who threw " bad taste " parties and they were a hoot !
haha something like that !
please bring vehicle to your local dealership for a replacement .
you can make the change when the service expires .
sorry to hear this , can you please send a dm so we can assist further ?
give me your order details and i will happily look into this for you .
what is the preferred size ?
we have a wide variety of gels you can use .
that is such great news <USER> ! we 're so happy this could be resolved .
hi <USER> , what is your location ?
i am sorry , but you cannot change it .
hello . we checked into it and send you a response to your dm and we will continue to work on this issue .
sorry to hear that your stay is less than satisfactory . call <NUMBERS> or email <E-MAIL> for further assistance .
you can do it !
we are very sorry for the negative experience you had . please contact us immediately to help resolve this problem .
for sure , deb ! #yxyy @willolovesyou @sanfranannie @hillary @jhagel #creationspace
we will compensate you for flight delays !
please dm us your contact information so we can work with you directly to resolve your issue .
so sorry to hear that . please message us with your email address so we can assist you !
i am sorry to hear that you are having difficulties with the network , could you please describe the issue you are having ?
really sorry to here this . we hope your issue is solved super soon . thanks for your patience .
please check here for any updates <URL> .
thanks for the feedback . can you shoot us a dm so we can see what we can do for you ?
hi <USER> , unfortunately once an order is placed it can not be modified , please follow the link provided to get a start on returning or exchanging your order <URL> .
please reach out for assistance at our hotline and we will get to the bottom of this .
i would like to hear more about your issues if you would dm me . i hope to assist you better in private .
hey , it 's chicago ... what do you expect ?
thank you <USER> ! we will pass along your feedback .
thanks for the support . go aussies !
hi , what is the issue you are encountering ?
sorry to hear it ! please dm me your contact info and i will look into this .
we may ! please stay tuned for further updates .
i 'm sorry you didn 't get your order by christmas . can you dm me the order number so i can look into this for you ?
hi ! we have replied .
they have no where to go as there is no end to the war in sight . this is per npr .
oh no ! our mobile support team is happy to help ! please call <NUMBERS> or check out our mobile page @lgusamobile
you can find our compensation policy here <URL> .
we 're sorry you 're disappointed . please contact customer service .
can you share your challenge with us ?
i 'm so sorry you have not received a reply . can you please dm me your number ?
sorry to hear that <USER> , dm us your details and we 'll do our best to compensate .
snacks and non-alcohol drinks will still be available .
i 'm so sorry ! let me fix that . how does free oil changes for a year sound ?
hi <USER> , can you give us a ring at <NUMBERS> , like to see what we can do for you .
i 'm happy to help , could you please call our team at 1-800- subaru 3 ? they will be able to assist you there .
please send us an email at <E-MAIL> so we can make your experience better .
it must have been a miscommunication , we are looking into it
doors open at 6 pm !
please message our customer care team ( 1-800-651-6000 ) to get some help .
they do not count toward the menu challege .
we 're so sorry to hear about this ! can you please dm us more details , and your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help !
awesome
we try our best to make our conference exactly as you described ! we 're not trying to compete with anyone else !
visit the site to see if you can get compensation .
we will look into adding this in the future !
way to keep the spirts up
those cards are cute , we love the article .
we think we have the best customers in the world !
we worked on your number , please restart your phone .
hi , your motor is five minutes away . enjoy !
hope you made great memories
i 'll forward this to the staff who will be able to help you , with ticket number csr .
sorry . please send me your information and i will help you asap . thanks
we are able to support products in the usa , for a member of your country please visit the following .
so sorry you are not satisfied , have you reached out to customer service <NUMBERS> )
always great to hear from a satisfied customer
great to see a satisfied customer
send us your dm and follow us so we can help you out .
please tweet our customer service team and we will get you an answer shortly .
we would be grateful if you read the dm we sent you .
i understand your frustration . we are working hard to resolve this issue .
so happy that we were able to help ! thank you for the feedback , i 'll pass it along !
thanks , <USER> ! we 're glad it was helpful !
that is strange , because i can still see the coming soon on the item page .
right on ! thanks <USER> !
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
woohoo ! that 's what we love to hear :D
hello , we would like to help you with this issue please call 1-800- subaru 3 or here <URL> for help .
your rewards will come in due time . please keep up with us to find out !
that makes sense
we are working to lower rates .
i can help you , what is your policy number ?
there is definitely no such thing as " too excited " when it comes to project runway !
i 've been there
we 're sorry it 's taking longer than we anticipated . please contact customer service so that we can get you taken care of .
how long has it been since you place the order ?
we do that for you now ! no different recycle receptacles anymore , when it reaches the waste facility they collect it and sort it into recycled items . no worries we are still recycling !
our company is great too , please tell me how i can make your experience better with us .
<USER> we are so sorry for the inconvenience ! please come back to the story asap so we can assist .
that 's no good ! please dm me your contact info so i can look into this for you .
please provide me with your details and i will look into the issue for you .
if you send this off in a suggestion as detailed as you can be through here <URL> we can do our best to help . sorry about this .
our customer service number is <NUMBERS>
we 're here to help . what can we do ?
glad you 've discovered us
we 're not sure yet , but we will keep you updated .
all of our services are listed here <URL> . if you need help , please let us know .
please send a dm so we can help get this taken care of for you asap .
please e-mail us <USER> so we can help you out .
i am here to help . please dm the email on your account and i will address .
maybe , that should be fun !
we regret hearing you had an unpleasant experience . please dm or email us at <E-MAIL> so that we can properly assist you on this concern .
thanks for the support . go #aus !
i don 't know if it 's him or an assistant , but it does appear to be a verified account .
thanks for your response . we 've sent you a reply .
we have plenty prepared !
we are aware of the technical issues and we are working on it .
dm your phone number so we can communicate .
send us a dm and we will help you resolve this issue . thanks .
please message us so we can help rectify your issue .
sorry that this is happening , we will make sure this matter gets to our network team . and they will work on it for you .
yeah girl ! get it .
i am sure it is not anything you did . if you do not see the update in 2 days let us know !
thanks for the update , we will work on calling you back soon .
we have a store locator and more info on our website . <URL>
we have fixed all of the issues . tbrown will be doing a daily check from here on out .
thanks for all the support , we are upgrading the website currently and you should be able to register now .
maybe there was just a glitch in the internet .
in the net , boys ... ⚽ ️ 🙌 🏽
if you ever need any help just dm me here . glad to do it .
provide you email so this can be resolved immediately
thanks for the feed back <USER>
thank you for sending the details . a member of the team will respond to you shortly .
we do not have restocking info on that currently , i apologize . youth sizing might be an option .
yes , you are on a monthly plan and can change the plan without incurring additional costs .
hi <USER> , please discuss this with your dealership
hvae you submitted a claim ? i would be happy to help you with that process . could you please dm me so i can better assist you
a secret , eh ? if i told you , i 'd have to kill you ...
we are working on this as we speak . thank you .
hi , sure i can message you that information . is there anything that i can help with while we are chatting ?
we have sent you a reply through dm .
user , i 'm very sorry you did not receive a personal response for your email inquiry . please send the details of your message through a dm and i can help you further . thank you :)
it should be same day . by what method did you purchase the voucher ?
coffee makes the world go around
we would have to cancel the current order and place a new one , is this something you would want to do ?
if there 's anything we can do , please let us know .
please send me an email ( email ) so we can get this resolved quickly
where exactly are you waiting ? there is some bunching up on the route .
we are sorry , you can find our compensation details here <URL> .
so sorry about this . please message me your name and address so we can track what is going on .
what can i help you with . you can dm me with details so i know how better to assist you with the dresser .
i 'm glad you like it !
dm me your contact information including tracking information .
sorry about your experience , please dm or email us for assistance
we apologize for the delay
getting up after we are down is life . move forward . brush yourself off , learn from it and keep going . life is change ! go with it !
please make sure your order is eligible if the problem persist dm me a screen shot .
send us a dm with more info so we can help .
you can keep up with the latest upgrade information at <URL>
i will keep my fingers crossed .
can your day get any better ?
hi there ! any day is a good day for us to help you out with a great choice like the galaxy s8 here at sprint !
you should get it by tomorrow !
we are excited that you are excited !
what size did you get ?
hello ! please send us a dm and we 'll be more than happy to help .
will you send me a dm with your account details so that i can look into this for you .
i will look into this for you
hi , please send a dm to @fedex with your name , address , tracking and phone number to be able to assist you with your query .
we 'll always keep our fans updated when something new is coming along :D
ugh , we hear you ! please dm us your contact info so we can figure out how to help you !
i would call <NUMBERS> and ask if they could help you further .
please dm me so we can continue this conversation .
the refund has started today . please allow your bank about 2-3 business days to credit .
can you explain why you found this so ?
please call our corporate hq at <NUMBERS> . this is not how we expect our customers to get treated .
yes certainly . please dm us with your vin number and the location of the dealership .
if you can send me the order details i will be glad to look into it for you .
it is normal for wear and tear , we can assist you further please contact us
i will also need the return tracking number , also these pants are sold out in size 29 would you like another item or a refund plus 20 % store credit ?
thanks for the update . please send us a message at <E-MAIL> with your new case number which is <NUMBERS> . we will assist as soon as possible .
actually it was not . thanks for being a fan .
collaboration loves you to , thanks for your quick response .
excellent . i 'm so happy for your bundle of joy !
are you having connection issues ? please dm us your location so we can look at the network issues .
i am sorry you are having an issue , can you please dm me your name and account number ?
please let me know what your concerns are so i can help you fix the problem . please send me a dm .
yes !
short , sweet and to the point is always best !
sorry about that . but sometimes traffic delay arrivals .
we 're trying our best to improve service . please contact us here <URL> so we can have this documented and we 'll get back to you .
we are proud of you as well .
be sure to let us know how you 've styled your looks ! ;)
you 're welcome . we loved assisting you .
we 're so happy to hear you like them !
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
please follow and send a dm so we can help .
sorry for the outage . service working on it now . thanks
hi , thank you for contacting us . i would like to see more information pertaining to your case . please contact us via email for further assistance with your recent post . hope to hear from you soon , thanks !
what is your device model ?
we are sorry to hear this ! please dm us and we will see what we can do for you regarding your phone problems .
so sorry you feel that way , but we can look into that further if you 'd like .
our customer service team at <URL> are the ones to ask ! amazing what can be done nowadays , huh ?
sorry to hear this <USER> . can you give us all the info at <URL> , so we can follow up ?
sorry you 've been waiting there ! a bus just past dufferin are you on it ?
good job , thank you for your continued business with redbox !
we only have room for winners .
financing is something we are working on . stay tuned !
i am sorry to hear this . you may be eligible for compensation . visit <URL>
responded
they are great for that
yes , please contact customer service to reset your user account and password .
any subject indicating you 'd like assistance is fine .
can you please give me your address so i can be of further assistance ?
sorry to hear that . are you moving yet ?
so happy you were able to get the issue resolved . contact us again if you have any problems .
dm your registration info so that we can pass on your feedback .
i am sorry that your experience was less than great and would like to help resolve the issue . please contact us @fedexhelp with your details .
hi <USER> we are checking into this problem for you . thank you for your patience .
sad , when will he be home ? is he feeling better ?
hi <USER> , unfortunately , this is correct . i apologize for the inconvenience .
we wish we could be there ! have a great time !
we may be able to help <USER> . what product were you interested in purchasing ?
the camera does not need to be connected . you can actually insert a memory card from the camera into a computer and copy the file and then re insert the memory card into the camera and it should auto read the file .
we are sorry for the inconvenience ! at this time pre-orders can only be shipped to the store .
we are so sorry to hear of your troubles in one of our branched stores . you are correct , if the website shows a sale and does not indicate that it is an online only sale , our associates at all of our branch stores are required to honor said sale . we would like to look into this matter further for you . could you provide your name , contact information , along with the store location ? thanks !
<USER> , i am sorry for the inconvenience but due to the weather the associate that is on the way to help you has been held up in traffic . they are down the street , on the way , and will be able to assist you .
if you send us a dm , we 'll hook you up !
we aren 't sure what happened yet . looking into it . thanks .
hi <USER> , so glad you had the opportunity to #experienceamazing ,
hello ! pit tickets are just under 580 euro , but prices can change right up until tickets go on sale . hope this helps !
wow , thanks for sharing with us !
please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
i will be happy to check that for you . can you please dm your email and billing address and i will look into it . thank you !
i agree the big names should be on the big shows .
to have the best team possible !
we got your back !
so sorry about the changes , we 'd love to get you a voucher , send me your details ?
sure ! can you provide a screenshot of the error message you 're getting ?
yes , it 's 2.5 % on foreign transactions but the same great protection for the purchases !
thank you for the shoutout again .
sure . please contact customer service .
i 'm so sorry ! maybe we can send you something similar ?
it 's never fun to have to wait , our apologies that it was outside the delivery window !
we have contacted the vendors to cancel your order and will notify you once we have a response .
that 's is awful ! i 'm so sorry ! i 'd like to send you a gift card for your trouble .
please visit here <URL> you could qualify for compensation
gorgeous cards . glad you like ' em !
contact us via email for more help .
please dm us your account information and we will get the code for you .
in the us .
please contact <E-MAIL> and we will be glad to .
hello ! that has not yet been announced but you can find the most up to date information by staying in touch with our website .
i 'm sorry you feel that way .
oh , no ! we hope she 's ok ! please dm us the details so we can look into this for you .
i 've checked the tracking details and it says the package was left in the mailbox ... have you checked there ?
they are holding the one they have in stock for you .
our workshops are best equipped to advise whether it 's a defect or caused by external influences .
if you would like help , we can be reached at <NUMBERS> .
if you send us your address we can send you an eta of when we think we will have resolution .
can you please dm me your policy number so i can pass along your feedback ?
hi , <USER> . so sorry to hear this ! looping in @vmbusinesshelp who will be able to look into this for you !
hello <USER> , are you following the presale instructions ? you have to purchase through them .
the release date is tomorrow but some digital codes are going out early .
i am so sorry for the troubles . let me try to look into this personally . know that your business is important .
i 'm sorry for your frustration . perhaps you will allow me to assist you in rectifying this situation .
looking good !
i can 't wait for it to arrive for you !
enjoy the show !
why yes , i 'd be happy to assist you . customer satisfaction is one of our core values .
we didn 't know you were a ttc employee , however thats the explanation we would give to anybody else .
so sorry you have had issues . please dm me so that i can help you work through these problems .
can you give me a few more details about your order ? do you have an order number ? or i can look it up with a telephone number .
so glad to get you pumped up and on your way ! safe travels !
hi ! is there anything we can help with ?
glad to hear your liked it . coffee is a modern wonder .
sorry to hear that . please let me know how i can assist you .
we got your details via dm . check your inbox ! hope that helps .
that is probably true , it is quite a complex issue .
do you know how to boot into safe mode ?
i apologize . please email us .
be an amex cardholder to ensure that the event is foti sponsored .
check here for any updates <URL>
i am sorry about that , please provide further details at <URL> . thanks .
oh yeah , proud to call myself a #qlder ! right on !
you need to speak with a dealer for a booking .
thanks so much !
thank you and i will pass this feedback on .
we are always working to improve our service . please connect with @wind_cares for anything specific you need help with .
please give us a call at this number so we can help you !
sorry to hear you feel this way . please contact us to see if we can change that .
i am sorry to hear this . please dm me so i can follow up .
so glad you are enjoying it with your friend . now is it your turn for one ?
you just might like it .
oh we are so sorry you have had a bad experience . what exactly happened that made you feel that way ?
so happy you had a good meal . cheers .
hate to see anyone leave , can we assist you with anything else
interesting !
we 'll be in touch by dm shortly .
sorry we haven 't been meeting your needs get in contact with us and we can help you find a plan that meets your budget
sorry about your flight <USER> we want to help you get compensation file a case here <URL>
we don 't right now , but we 'll forward the suggestion to our team to see if we can get one running .
awesome ! i bet you looked great .
thanks a lot !
okay we are on it . please check your inbox for repair details . thanks .
tell us about your experience .
dm me with your details so that i can see what might be the problem .
please contact us for a different number .
i apologize that there was some issues regarding the delivery of your package . i would gladly look into it for you , please dm me your name , address , phone number and the tracking number to the package .
thank you and anything to make coming back to the real world better .
hello ! you can sign up for our digital receipts at your next check in for your card .
are you using the number that ends in 145 ?
love the photo ! great work !
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
oh no ! please send us a dm so we can get you a replacement .
coverage will be fixed within the hour . sorry for the inconvenience . thanks
i 'm sorry to hear about your experience . please follow us at @americanair so we can dm you .
can you send us a dm so we can send it over to our dev team ?
please contact customer service for some speedy help .
this is something we can fix , let me start by walking you through a soft reset .
hi . the estee lauder should be coming back into stock the beginning of next month .
we are opening new stores all the time , stay tuned !
wow , that is something else ... please send us a direct message and we can help you out with that !
this feedback is very concerning . please send a dm so we can further assist .
we appreciate your feedback and have shared it with out team .
hi , our team is our , i will pass this along for the , to respond in the morning .
we certainly don 't want that . please send us a message with the details and we will follow up .
hello <USER> , are you having difficulty with the page loading or your connection ?
thanks for the love . we do our best to provide the lowest prices .
we would never intentionally do this . i am so sorry for your trouble . can you send me your repair id ?
hi , our brand event is available online and in store until may 6 , 2017 . hope this helps !
sure , we 're some pictures of some chicken !
yes , we are very happy to hear this !
please contact the croydon store <NUMBERS> and the sales office there . they will help you asap . thanks
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
hi , sorry to hear this , please dm me and i will help you .
wow , this is great ! you 're really a pro .
thank you for your interest . please dm your info and we can assist further .
if you need our help selecting a new car , contact us .
we certainly can ! your purchase helps us provide basic necessities to the needy - here 's a link to more info !
shoot us a dm so we can help .
check this link to see which movies are on redbox .
i 'm not sure if that has been decided yet .
glad you love it !
your sister purchased this card 2 years ago , and the funds have been with the house of fraser since . but once the card expires , the funds also expire and can no longer be used . i 'm very sorry to break this news to you . feel free to send me a dm to discuss this further .
certainly . how can i help ?
so sorry to hear this . please send us a dm so we can assist further .
dm me your policy number and we will look into this .
hello <USER> we have sent you a dm . thank you !
i 'm so sorry to hear this . if you send us the dm of your order number we can help arrange a callback
no worries - just click " use data to see photos " and you can use your mobile data to view them !
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can look into the issues for you .
hi , thank yo . i am glad you are a happy customer . keep doing what your doing we appreciate you too !
thank you for passing on the great news ! we are always glad to help our customers !
we are sorry that our arrival was not within the hour that we estimated it would be , could you please provide me with the registration details so i can go in and investigate the issue for you ?
hello user . i am sorry that you had problems with the ac unit . can you please give me your reservation number so that i can look it up ?
if you dm us with the issue we 'll see if we can get an expedited response for you .
our team at @vmbusinesshelp should be able to help you . sorry about the wait . thanks for your patience .
our presales will start at 10am .
501 has been particularly difficult to serve this summer . we 're getting there , i appreciate your patience . ^
ok , thank you !
we 're so sorry you feel this way . how can we help you ?
it has 4 . 3 aipower and 1 quick charge .
thanks for the compliment !
can you please send us a dm with a phone number so we can figure this out ?
please contact <E-MAIL> and we can see what we can do .
be sure to click the spam button so we can automatically block others like this
yes thats awesome
that 's disappointing , i 'm sorry to hear that . please contact us at <URL> for compensation .
can you please contact us at <NUMBERS> so we can reimburse you and give you credit ? thank you !
thanks for the love !
sorry to hear that . if you need help , send us a dm .
that 's a great video ! we hope you enjoyed yourself ! see you again next year :) :) :)
please tweet our customer service team at @tmiecs . thanks .
a little too late . the stash is probably gone or stale by now . p . s . check the old titles .
we will try .
absolutely , please look at <URL> for sample pictures !
look to @cavsteamshop on sep 29th ! see you there !
nice , which ones did you get ?
if you can 't add anything to your wallet still let us know so we can figure out the issue .
of course - please dm us with your phone and account number so we can assist you promptly !
feel free to stop in for a test drive !
and maybe head straight for heaven ? the secret is to hydrate before , during and after .
sorry to hear this ! please dm us store location so we may contact the person in charge .
we 've got lots of historical items throughout the arena - dm us for a complete list ! thanks for your feedback !
the problem has been solved , dial 504 to confirm
you can also email us at <E-MAIL> .
this is funny haha
we send products to europe too . same product , made in poole , different labels . :)
i 'd like to look into this for you . can you tell me more about the problem ?
if you are having problems getting through , i would recommend calling after 5 pm
hi , <USER> , if you could dm me your order number i 'd be happy to check that for you .
there must be an error somewhere , please dm me your info
can you tell me the issue your email addressed ?
we love them , too ! :)
dial * 555 * 1 # to uprade your plan to double value or double delight . both of these plans will give a bonus .
yes it is !
our site is running fine , but i will take the info for future reference .
we will take care of that for you !
hello , please contact us to order a new card based on your personal preferences .
please check out @lgusamobile for help
yes , yes , yes . thanks for the cheering !
we apologize for the inconvenience . send us a dm with your account details and address and we 'll get to the bottom of this .
please send us a dm and we 'll be more than happy to assist you :)
please call us so we can see if you 're still experiencing issues .
we will look into this for you . please wait for a dm .
so sorry for the delay . we do know about the issue and we 're working fast to get everyone in the arena .
you can get an exchange if you bring it to a store . we 'll set you up right .
i 'm sorry please dm us and we 'll try and resolve the issue .
thanks for contacting us ! our help desk will contact you directly to resolve this issue .
oh no ! we are working on this suituation now . hopefully it is resolved quickly
glad we could get it right :)
you can read more about them here <URL> .
please dm your account information so i may assist you .
ha ! do you have a favorite one ?
thanks for the input ! we are checking levels now and you should hear a difference shortly !
please visit this url for lost and found info .
oh my ! that can 't be comfortable . what route are you referring to ?
awesome ! our coffee is the best in the business !
hello <USER> , can you contact us via email at <E-MAIL> so we can look into this further for you .
what is wrong with the grilles ?
oh , okay . send us your info in a message so we can take care of it .
thanks for the great response ! we love hearing from happy customers .
here 's a helpful link rt <USER> : flat fees : affordability for clients and success for attorneys <URL>
once you opt out , you will not be able to rejoin ? if you still want to dm me .
so sorry to hear this . please send us a dm so we can assist further .
your route guidance preferences need to be adjusted .
we are currently working on it , stay tuned !
can you send me the flight details and we will see what can be done to amend this situation ?
yes ! there should be plenty in stock .
oops ! please return to the store for a replacement and compensation .
please dm and i will look into it further .
please email customer service here : <E-MAIL> . if you don 't get a prompt response dm me and i 'll look into it
sorry to hear about that , please dm your number and we will have someone call you tomorrow .
sorry to hear that , <USER> . please send your info to <E-MAIL> for further assistance .
we have sent you a dm with all the information we need .
sorry to hear it , <USER> ! is there anything we can do to help ?
i 'm sorry to hear that . please contact us for further assistance .
if you could dm me with more details i can see what the problem might be .
the sale runs till the 9th of may .
glad you love them
we 're so sorry to hear about this . give customer service a call so they can assist you .
here is your follow !
we regret that you had an unsatisfactory experience ! please contact us at <E-MAIL> if you have another further issues to resolve .
sorry to hear that . please let us know at <URL> so we can follow up .
that is not good . can you tell us why ?
release dates are not available but we are diligently working on a global roll out to all eligible devices .
i am sorry that happened to you . let us know what we could do better at <E-MAIL>
thank you . i will collect .
hi <USER> , can you please share with me how i may help you today ?
<URL>
that 's great to hear , thanks !
no we want to be of help . we look forward to hearing more from you .
letme help you with the bill payment after that we can go over phone and plan options if you would like
so sorry to hear about the inconvenience . our mobile team would be happy to assist you . give us a call at <NUMBERS> or check our mobile page <URL> .
we do not send people to your home , check this link for more info .
thank you for letting us know ! we will look into this .
yay ! we 're excited as well .
oh no ! we will take care of this . can you send me message with the store location that you purchased the bagel from ?
if you could dm us with the full information ( without the character limit ) we would be glad to help ! thanks
i can check the status if you dm your tracking # .
congratulations ! and thank you for the feedback ,
i sure am ! @themakeupshow
if you would dm me with your vin number i can further assist you .
i will need to get your information in order to look that up .
it 's being addressed , thanks !
i see how that would be very frustrating for you . please call me at <NUMBERS> to file a formal complaint and so that we can offer you a special offer for the inconvenience .
we don 't have any current restocking information .
thanks for hte kind words !
wow , ive got nothing else to say , lol .
sounds great , we 'll get back to you shortly !
contact our customer service directly and leave y our feedback .
i 've contacted you the status of your order :)
sure , please do .
how can we assist you ?
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
our downtown office , favs for non sandwich catering are baja fresh and pf changs .
please dm us to get your compensation
you can check out our compensation information here <URL> .
a cup a day keeps the blahs away !
thanks for the feedback ! we really pride ourselves on our customer support !
it 's nice to hear about things like this . thanks !
can you send us your order number ? we 're happy to help !
enjoy !
got it , thanks ! i 'll report the issue .
if you can give me the name and address on the account i can look and see if there is any outages in your area .
my stories are my life . they make me , me . the good , the bad and the neutral moments . all get us to where we need to be . live your stories !
i know the anxiety you must be feeling ! which dealer are you working with ?
i am so sorry for your delay . let me see what i can do for you to get you compensation for all the wait you 've been through .
i 'm excited to meet you too , and yes i will be attending .
let the operator of the bus know and go from there .
absolutely , please dm us with your phone number and we will contact you .
we are investigating this matter
i love mohawk fine papers too . thanks
your souvenir ticket works to gain access to the game . bring it !
thanks so much for the comments <USER> :)
let 's go , aus !
we are not sure , no issues have been reported , what are you experiencing ?
so sorry to hear about your bad experience . please reach out to us and we 'll get on the matter .
we know we have something you love , check out the catalogue <URL> way more than just our awesome slippers !
please let us help you with this issue . can you send us a dm and we will get to it ! thanks .
i need something now , i am sorry i am done , what can i do about a refund ?
please provide us your email address so we can help you resolve this issue .
yes , as long as there is a photo . you 'll also need your confirmation email .
oh , no ! which location did this happen at ?
sorry to hear that , can you explain what happened ?
for billing issues , please contact customer service - billing inquiries so we can further assist you .
please send your order number to <E-MAIL> .
yes tgey do . thanks for reaching out . i would love to look into this for you . could you please send me a dm
we 're working on this currently . dm us for updates .
yep , i 've passed this onto customer care , they 'll be in touch with you soon .
please send us a dm so we can help you out .
looks good on you , how if the overall fit ?
love that style , you should be a fashionista .
looks like you guys had fun ! thanks for sharing !
i sent you a dm with more information for you .
you can do it ! we believe in you !
i would like to correct this for you . your new set will arrive on 2/23 .
we think it would be best to contact the customer care team on <NUMBERS> and let us know if they were helpful .
great , thanks for the feedback !
done :)
dm us for specialized offers and promotions .
we are working to restore power as quickly as possible .
we are working on saturday but will tery to find a way for sunday !
nice ! check our location out while you 're at it :)
oh yeah ! great combo , <USER> !
we are glad you love it !
yes i believe so , please dm us if you have any further questions !
subaru will have more info on that , please call them at their total free number
so sorry for your problems with the house of fraser . please send me your contact info so i can help . thanks
thank you for contacting us . i would love to assist you this evening and .
please send us a dm with details of the situation . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
that 's terrible . lets see what i can do for you .
great . this should only take a minute .
is everything ok ? don 't hesitate to dm us if there 's anything we can help you with !
we will post here first when it 's available !
have you checked the local stores to see what they are offering .
amex isn 't mentioned in accepted methods of payment , so it 'd be best to call ticketmaster to confirm .
hi , the technical issues you were having should now be fixed . please check and let me know if you are still having trouble .
we will need your store address and problem to assist you with management .
i pray all is well for her .
thank you for letting us know ! i will just need a little information .
can you send us a dm with your cross streets and zip code ?
thanks for the feedback , we 'll let our dev team know .
sorry <USER> , there are currently traffic delays . 3 buses are currently en route .
thank you ! #uptheblues ! <URL>
we love that you shared such a great visual ! thanks for wearing !
can you please give us a call at <NUMBERS> or go to <URL> to chat with a team member so we can better assist you .
our platinum travel team can help you with ideas . call them directly .
i would be happy to look into this for you . could you please dm me so i can better assist you on this
i can text you a voucher for 1 additional free in flight drink . thanks for choosing american air .
that is a beautiful bath .
we are so sorry . could we offer you a 30 percent discount for another fragrance ?
thank you ! we work hard to ensure our services meet the highest expectations .
you may use it for calls , activation , sms and other things /
its finger lickin ' good !
so sorry to hear you are experience issues . can you please elaborate so i can assist ?
your order number appears incomplete . are you sure you sent it all ?
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
could you please send me your message describing your problem ? i may be able to help you switch plans online .
so sorry to hear about this experience . can you please send more details to <URL> and we 'll be sure to follow up .
no problem ! we try our best to provide great service !
hi , i have sent a dm to you to better assist you .
well , our buses aren 't too crowded - luckily !
hi <USER> sorry about that . there are technical restrictions preventing this .
sorry to hear that ! please send us your thoughts on how we can improve !
i am sorry that the shoes you wanted were no longer in stock . if you dm me with the item number i may be able to locate them at our other stores .
hi <USER> , the new jerseys should be in stores in september ! enjoy !
as soon as if is received you will be refunded .
nice stance !
we 've tried contacting you on this number but we can 't get ahold of you ! when is a good time to reach you ? thanks !
yes , it is possible .
thanks for the love !
there is but there is a short delay in the european release
please check here for any available updates <URL>
yes of course . please fo .
we are looking into this and will appeal . view our statement at <URL>
thanks for the exposure !
i can look into this for you . please send me a dm with your account details .
please dm your contact information so we can resolve this issue .
yes , they are sold out . we will keep you posted !
please send us your location and we will look into it
i feel your pain .
sorry to hear that . we are currently adding changing stations too all of our stores .
is there a specific error message being given to you ?
on our website you 'll be bale to see all types of rooms that we offer .
the box office is walk up service only . limited seats are left .
i 'm sorry you had to go through this . i have provided your number and situation to my supervisor and she will be giving you a call shortly .
the item has been cancelled and you will receive your refund back
we 're sorry to hear about your experience . could you please dm us with your concerns , along with your phone number / account number so that we could resolve this issue quickly . thank you !
hi , this coat sold out as soon as it went on sale .
hello user . can you please give me your location so i can see whether or not you are in our coverage area ?
we will certainly forward your suggestion . thank you for the input !
please check your account for an update that was made .
congratulations karlan , we knew you could do it ! keep us in mind for car shopping please !
how can we help ?
is your store credit active ?
we are always happy to help !
i was unaware of an issue , let me give you a couple steps , if there is still an issue i can file a ticket
please look in your mobile network settings and tell me what the apn is .
hello . please dm me your order # !
give us some more details and we will see what we can do .
we 're terribly sorry about the lack of service . we 're continuing to improve and grow every day !
please send us a dm with more details about the issue , and we 'll have a representative look into this for you .
<USER> keep following for more details on public opportunities to meet other <USER>
i am sorry this happen . <URL> can help you be compensated .
you can be assured that the website will be updated soon to reflect the my17 brochures .
we want to help but best to start in the us @lushcosmetics . sorry to hear about this . head on over there and explain the issue .
it is being discontinued , unfortunately :(
love having our customers save money
what are you renting ? :)
we are so happy to hear about kay 's excellent service in the oxford street store . want to dm us some more details so we can pass it on to the store ? thanks !
thank you for reaching out to us today , the tag goes at the foot of the bed . enjoy your new duvet !
please try rebooting your system and re entering password and user number . thanks
i am so sorry . please dm us you 're information so i can be sure it gets to the right person to handle this .
we are doing our best . please try to be patience at this time because we have many customer who need power .
i woldnt kick her out of bed for eating crackers .
if it 's expired , please dispose of it . we don 't want it to make you sick or not work right .
oh no , can we help you ?
good afternoon , ga1 is in the main standing area .
best of luck to you ! you 're going to have fun !
we will look into stockists for these products and message you with a response .
oh my word yes !
we can 't wait to see it also !
go #aussies !
we are so glad to hear you received outstanding service . thanks for making our day !
not a problem !
files can be copied by opening your file manager in the logmein app .
please dm us more details so we can help you better .
we appreciate this information . please contact wheel transfer at <NUMBERS> so a formal complaint can be filed .
sorry that your day has been rough .
hello warm weather
do you need help with them ?
you need to contact our cs department . they can be reached at <URL> .
if you could please dm us your vehicle vin number , we will look into this for you .
hey hun ! can you dm us the order number please <3
thank you so much for your feedback , <USER> ! we will forward this to development and be in touch .
can you dm me your registered phone number so i can help you out ? thanks !
if you can dm me more details of your issue i will get back to you .
might be some outages in your area
sounds like a lovely time ! thanks for telling us !
i 'll let staff know
we apologize you 've had this experience . please dm us the affected number , and we will help to fix this issue asap !
we 've forwarded your tweet to service and warranty . we also spoke to the team leader in person , so someone will be touch with you soon :)
it will be . 05p .
could you please dm us the store location ? this is not acceptable .
we appreciate the feedback . we 'll pass this on to our reps .
hope you share your #supergaselfie soon ! <3
i 'm very sorry you had such a bad experience . please call 1-800- shop-cvs so we can get the details .
awesome !
thank you so much , we love it too !
dm us with more info and we will be glad to help .
you should be able to so no worried and enjoy yourself !
ny times .
so sorry about the delay , we hope you enjoy your walk .
pre-orders opened this morning ; keep checking <URL> for updates !
about 3 days ! during the holidays it can be a little longer .
it appears you would be best served to contact the dealer <URL>
i 'll look into this soon . send me a message with your order details .
sorry this is happening . please send us a dm so we can help you better ! thanks .
dm us with more detail including photos of your chair .
great to hear !
no but if you reinstall it any remaining updates should be automatically applied .
well done ! now lets find your perfect car .
we 're sorry for the disturbance . please dm us for more information .
contact us if you have any questions .
i 'm sorry . :(
please click the following link for further information and locations in your area .
we hope you do ! put it on your wishlist asap ! !
our sites are slow due to heavy traffic , let me dm you the information .
thanks for contacting us . is there any assistance we can provide ?
email us and we will look into this for you .
great , thank you , will be in contact shortly <USER>
hey , really want to help . i am here . please send me a dm and we are glad to help .
dm us with more info about your previous experience .
hello <USER> , i sent you a facebook message . thanks .
sounds awesome !
i 'm really sorry to hear about that . please feel free to contact us via email to look into it .
are they different types of movies in different buckets ?
it was great wasn 't it ? thanks for the message .
we would like to make you happy , please let us know what location this was .
sorry but we will not be carrying it .
thanks for your support . check out <URL> .
sounds like quite a project !
hi ! we will be in touch with you today as soon as possible .
looks like it will be on sale tomorrow morning .
congrats !
can you tell us where you bought it and what country you reside in please ?
the app has been going through updates . expected to be resolved by end of day !
we want to make this better please dm or email us at <E-MAIL> so we can help you ! thanks .
great ! which products are you using ?
glad we made your day better
since they are a collector 's item , they are not readily available for purchase .
enjoy it an come back for more . great food . cheers
very amusing . thanks for posting .
hi , i am sorry you have had to go through this . let me contact the shipper and see if we can get a rush on this for you .
can you tell me what your order number is ?
if you send me your email through a dm i will make sure you don 't receive any more feedback requests . thank you for contacting us !
hi we are on it right away . please refer us with your case ref # to ensure you 'll a get resolution .
can you email us at <E-MAIL> so we can look further into this ?
i 'm sorry you had a negative experience . please send me your email address . i would like a chance to make this right and prove that united definitely cares .
love the enthusiasm !
glad to hear you enjoyed it !
thanks for coming !
pleasure working with you <USER>
hi there , <USER> , thanks for the feedback ! so happy we could help . please send us a dm with your reg and we can pass it on . thanks !
an excellent night !
not a problem !
oops , sorry about the wait ! glad it finally got straightened out for you .
please send me a dm and i 'll try to walk you through it .
not for now but we can notify you when its back in stock
wow , that 's quite a while !
absolutely . the address is <E-MAIL> .
we wouldn 't say so !
okay for this activation you can dial * 588 number to borrow airtime to get this going
sorry about that , can you please provide us with some more details at <E-MAIL> ?
i understand there is a lot to discuss , but we can try to get as much information to you as we can before someone follows up with you soon .
dm me your policy number and i can look into it for you .
not only is alpha-isomethyl ionone safe to put on your body , it is also safe to consume , it is used for both flavor and fragrance !
i will look into that , thank you .
you are more than welcome !
we are so sorry to hear about this , <USER> . please call us at <NUMBERS> so we can get further details and file a complaint .
we totally agree ! #stunning #flawless
we 've got some swag for you if you visit us at guest services !
if you dm me your name , delivery address , tracking number , and phone number , i would be happy to help .
i dm has been sent to you . thank you .
glad you 're with us , <USER> ! what made you make the big switch ?
please provide your order number and the correct address so we can get it to you .
we do have other options for you ! please send a dm if you would like to know more .
do you still need help ?
great fan in the making ! stop by guest services in section 100 to get his first game lanyard !
do you need help switching the active device on a particular line ?
we love them too ! coming back for more ? : 3
first place to start is with a different browser . if that doesn 't fix it please follow , dm with phone number and a time we can call you .
no update yet . i 'll let you know as soon as we do .
i 'd love if you could dm us more details ( number , vin ) and we can look into this for you .
thanks for the feedback !
i am very sorry you were unhappy with our data protection .
thank you for letting me know !
yay ! happy friday to you as well ! hope you have a great day !
sounds awesome ! glad to hear it !
best way to get that resolved at the moment is at our customer care team at this number <NUMBERS> ! thanks !
dm me your phone umber so i can help .
you should be able to dm us without a follow . please send me your <NUMBERS> and i will get back to you .
please contact <E-MAIL> so we can help resolve the issue .
oh my goodness , that sounds awful ! can you shoot us a dm with a picture of the piece , please ?
it sure is
best of luck , <USER> ! you can do it !
please send us the invoice number and we will look into our system .
thanks so much for your order and the kind words ! if you pre-ordered before the 5th , you should receive your device within 2 weeks !
thanks . we are looking into this matter as we speak . have you received your tracking info as of yet ?
so sorry you didn 't get our replies ! our team is emailing you so they can assist you directly .
thanks for asking , we are currently out of stock and the black small bidon will be on the website when we receive more . thanks
i can help you in more detail if you dm me . i am sorry .
they are great aren 't they
sure , go ahead and follow and dm us and we 'll help you out asap .
could you please send me your contact info so i can help you with this problem . thanks
what seems to be the issue ?
thanks for the great feedback !
okay , let me give you the right information for the data plan .
sadly , we only have the epl league running , not the ucl . :(
so sweet !
tickets are on sale at ticketmaster . cheers .
please contact us if you need further help
i would love to assist you in confimation . could you please call <NUMBERS>
we can be reached at <NUMBERS> and <E-MAIL> . look forward to hearing from you !
food , netflix and fun . right on ! joy !
here is the link to report
we 're sorry you feel that way . let us know if there 's anything we can do to change your mind in the future :)
please dm us your contact information so we can contact you directly to resolve your issue .
i am sorry to hear this . please dm so i can look into it further .
i promise this is not permanent just for now , it will be fine in a few hours
of course we notice ! what sort of service have you been getting ?
we think it 's the best !
contact usps to open a claim .
i don 't have restocking info , but i will pass on your suggestion to our team ! thanks so much for the feedback .
you can stay up to date here <URL> .
thank you and i will let our team know .
thanks ! glad you enjoyed your experience !
very cool . thanks for sharing !
ouch . i hope that wasn 't the studio civic ?
sorry , i 'm not seeing your dm pop up . can you double check our inbox to see if it sent ?
sorry that you missed it . please look out for our next event .
i hope you enjoyed your visit to us !
please dm us your address and we can send one free of charge !
hello ! we would love to help resolve your problem . can you tell us the exact issue you are currently experiencing ?
we all have body issues for sure . just find what is right for you and makes you happy . you are beautiful !
having our partnership is and will be awesome . a simple way of showing our appreciation !
we 'll send your feedback to see if we can make it happen ~
can you please give us more details at <E-MAIL> ?
thank you , enjoy !
please check <URL> for our compensation policies .
please visit <URL> for location and pricing information . thanks .
beautiful ! which camera and lens combo did you use ?
what issues can we currently assist you with ?
i 'll contact our team and make sure they are aware this style is still in demand !
thanks for the shout out ! :)
you should check them out it 's free to try
i agree !
gorgeous photo ! you are more than welcome and we hope you and yours have a merry christmas :) )
please attempt to get the package even if you need someone else to pick it up for you .
hello <USER> , thank you for the feedback , i will forward this information to the appropriate team . have a great day !
we might be a little bit biased , but we are the best
awesome ! we 'll reach back to you in a jiffy .
hello , a reply was just sent . please check your dm
thanks for your support mate .
thank you for the constructive feedback - we are always looking to improve our customer service interactions .
sorry to see you go ! . please suggest how we can improve !
we think it is , but there is also more information on it here <URL>
why yes , there is in fact several outlets on the spintex road .
looks great
please let us know your location . we will send a ride for you .
we were updating our system ; sorry for the inconvenience . you can dm us your account number and we will assist you .
<USER> , we are so sorry to hear about this . please dm us with further details so we can assist you further .
let me look into this , perhaps they shipped separately .
that is unacceptable . can you tell me your model and where you purchased your dryer ?
thank you . we 're happy to stand with you .
we do have options that are provided to you should you really like to obtain the ion 4 . give us a call and we can either special order or send you in the right direction of those locations that already have some . thanks !
we understand ! please dm your name , delivery address , tracking and phone numbers so i can check on the status of your shipment for you .
congratulations !
the banner is being updated and will be back this week .
i can help you order those . how many would you like ?
drone footage are the best , have a good time
not at all
no , thank you for joining us . it is an honor
we are glad to hear about this but we are walking to resolve the concern .
if you will give us a call at <NUMBERS> with your room details someone will look into this for you .
please dm your order number so we can help you out .
could you please dm us with further details ? we want to make this right .
we have no control over it , but it will be £ 1.99 . i 'm glad you enjoy it !
sure ! can you dm us your order details and contact info so we can help ?
we hate to hear that . if you will send us a dm , we can follow up with you .
wow really sorry to hear that . please send me a dm so i can work on this with you .
congrats <USER> have you picked out the first car for yourself yet ? if not keep us in mind when you car shop :)
yes they can .
hi <USER> , is there anything we can do for you ?
so happy to hear :) did you get to try any goodies during your visit ?
so , how did it go ? ?
glad to assist
please contact the dealership you spoke with directly , they are unable to see the messages that you post here .
yes <USER> ! turning your mktg all around . you should be focusing on the customers !
please reach out via customer service and we will assist you .
we 're sorry that you are unhappy with the bag .
please dm booking # so we can provide an update on your booking via e-mail .
certainly . please go to <URL> and send us your concerns .
how very nice for you . how can i assist you this afternoon ?
hopefully the app once it is updated will work more efficiently for you . thanks for reaching out .
we 're sorry . that particular jacket was a limited promotion .
we just sent you a dm with information to contact one of our customer service reps directly .
oh no , please contact us so we can make it right . <URL>
please dm me the information and i will look into it !
please dm me and i 'd love to help you out !
your feedback is welcomed
how can we contact you to give you the store credit ?
happy shopping
glad to help !
please send a dm with your details so we can fix this for you !
i would be happy to pass on your pleasant store experience . can you please dm your email ?
the issue is being looked into , sorry and thanks for patience .
can you dm me with the amount you 've been deducted ?
hi <USER> , i want to make sure that you are taken care of so if you could direct message me , i will be able to help you with your issue .
sorry to hear this , is there anything i can assist you with
let 's try again , this time on us . <USER> , sent you a dm
of course , we 've taken steps to fix this in the future . read about it here <URL> and here <URL>
yes . i am sorry you caught us at a high call volume time . can you provide me with an order number ?
thanks for the feedback . great to hear .
hello user . thanks for your positive feedback .
sounds like you could use the money ! #rakeitinsweepstakes
yikes really sorry this happened . they should be stopping at every designated location !
please dm us your contact information so we can contact you directly to resolve your issue .
dm me your order number and id be happy to help you
thank you for the positive review and feedback . come back again soon !
what is your number and what is current your address ?
sorry to hear about that , tell us where you bought it so we can make it right
i would like to resolve this issue for you . could you please send us a private message with your account number so we can look into the problem ?
you may call our customer service department at <NUMBERS> and request to be transferred to our customer advocate team . )
give me your order number so i can look into your issue .
i am glad that you were responsible with not putting your safety at risk . at your earlier convenience could you send us any information to help us in looking into the matter ?
hi <USER> we would recommend you go to a local store and see if they can help you . thank you .
thanks for the heads-up , <USER> . it was a controlled release in west la , which ended at 11:30 pm .
i understand you 're unhappy . please send your repair id and i 'll see what i can do .
you 're so welcome ! :)
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info and more details ? we 'd be happy to help .
for contact channels , alternate to lg india 's twitter .
please call us at <NUMBERS> so we can help you !
our team is aware of the problem and working swiftly to fix it .
thanks again !
hi there ! more details will be coming to members soon !
that 's no good ! please dm me your contact info so i can look into this for you .
sorry to hear about your frustrations . let us help you receive compensation for your troubles - you can visit <URL> and file a claim in regards to this experience . thank you for reaching out !
i agree !
that 's what we are here for !
please dm us your order number and we 'd be happy to assist
retweet @mattersofsmart : you can 't throw mud at people w / o getting your hands dirty . confront issues but don 't attack the person
good news ! looking is free !
thank you for your order . yes , you can charge both at the same time .
it helps to keep prices low to avoid cart runners .
oh no that is not good . please send me a dm with details so i can look into this
i apologize for the error , we meant 10am to 11pm .
haha ! i 'm so excited for it i must have dreamed that it went up already !
we are up to date with you at the moment if let us know your order number with a dm and we can cancel it !
sorry about that ! what exactly is the trouble ?
we hear you , <USER> ! currently , we can 't confirm anything with this title . we will definitely let you know when we have more info , though !
please reach out to customer service so we can see what we can do to make this right
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
we have resolved all issues . thanks !
unfortunately we do not offer that at this time .
you can buy them here at <URL>
you 're welcome !
the system is down and will be up shortly . thanks for your patience .
i take it that you are going to nb ? i seen one just went by a few minutes ago , the 193 doesn 't make any stops until dundas station , sorry about the wait .
hi , we would love to assist with this situation in any way that we can . could you please provide me with the route number so i can look in to it further . thanks !
so sorry to hear about this . please contact our customer service for more information about the double guarantee policy .
please see your owner 's manual for the correct oil weight .
can you explain what a flip is ?
do you have any other symptoms ?
hi <USER> , please file a case at <URL> and we 'll help you get compensated .
hello <USER> , we don 't have any rebates at the moment but keep posted !
we 're sorry to hear this , please dm us and we will work to resolve this issue with you .
great ! ! congratulations !
please contact customer service and we will help you cancel it .
we certainly stand by our products . please contact us with your information and we will assist you .
it will come faster than you think . can 't wait to hear how it goes :)
it has been a pleasure to help you .
we love that you love us and we 're help making your life better ! thanks !
please dm us with the specific details so that we can make this right for you .
sorry for your previous experience . we would love the chance to work with you in the future .
i understand your frustration , but this is currently our policy not to accept gift cards online . i 'll be happy to forward a complaint to the site for you . we value your feedback as a customer .
did you know that you may be eligible for compsenation <USER> ? visit us at <URL> and we 'll give it a shot !
do it ! we promise we won 't tell anyone :)
hello , sorry , i can 't help you with that .
that 's great ! did you find any cool products ?
that was some misinformation , the car was just stuck on the tracks
we are sorry that the delays have been an issue . once construction is complete we should be running smoothly again .
we 're glad to be honored in your first tweet ! thanks !
glad you 're enjoying it !
hi ! that 's a good question . they will be available the day after thanksgiving . we are getting a new batch for black friday .
what 's happening ?
they can tow up to 3000kg and have a gvcm of 5700kg !
dm with your personal contact info including order and tracking details so i can assist you .
thanks for posting the tips ! learn these tips to protect yourself from utility imposters !
please contact your local store or dm us your account information so we can answer this accurately .
please send us an email so we can help .
usually rooms are available for booking a year in advance . hope that helps !
so happy you feel that way . hope to see you soon !
sorry , we don 't have women 's cuts at the moment , but we 'll send over your suggestion .
i am sorry you had an unpleasant experience . please send me a dm so i can look into it for you .
/ we are sorry , please email us ,
we love them ! thank you for brightening our day !
if you want to reaplce the card , call this number # <NUMBERS> or you can send us a private messag .
i am uncertain what you were hoping to achieve , but thanks for your input !
yes you may , take it with your receipt and you should not have any problems returning it . have a nice day .
sorry for the experience , email <E-MAIL> to tell us more about the details .
glad to hear it !
it is most likely just normal wear and tear .
yes can you provide us with the transaction id through dm ?
so sorry to hear this . please send us a dm so we can assist further .
hello , we can help you out if you dm us your zip code and intersection .
yes , we can provide you with here <URL>
hi <USER> would love to give you an update . please look at <URL> .
we 're so sorry about your troubles ! please dm us your contact info so we can help .
good luck <USER>
we will research the price of the product at baby city and compare it to our prices . our pricing team will be notified of this so future deals will be competitive with other businesses .
i am sorry to hear this . send me a dm and i will look into it .
hey there . you 're on the double delight call plan already .
good evening , how may i assist you ?
the code does exist , can you send me the code numbers
if that is so , please return the items ordered withe return label included with your order indicating the reason for your return and a refund will be processed with 14 business days upon receipt of the items .
we are so glad you like it ! <3
the return can still be completed without the order number . please follow the below instructions . sorry the item you purchased did not work out for you . please check back soon as we are always getting in new items .
we 're so glad to hear it !
game jerseys are always shown in the morning preview .
hello <USER> , please call the member services number on your card for a full explanation of your insurance benefits .
i 'm sorry for the trouble you 're having . iif you give me your order information i can look it up for you and find out what 's going on with it .
glad you like them . have a favorite ?
what makes you say that ! ? please dm us so we can resolve your issues .
are you still unable to browse at this time ?
i bet you are hungry
thanks for sharing .
so sorry to hear about this experience ! can we please help you get some compensation for this inconvenience ? visit <URL>
i hope you have a very relaxing night .
we are happy to help . when did this start ?
that is too long of a wait , i will look into this for you
sorry to hear this . please send a dm so we can fix it up for you !
sorry about that ! please send a dm the starbucks card number so we can help .
hey if you dm us you might just have your wishes fulfilled !
send your information and your friends information to us so that we may better assist you . @payumoneycare .
i would love to help you with this . please send me a dm so i can help .
that depends on the bundle you 're talking about .
we love the feedback , we 'll be sure to pass this along .
yes you did !
a classic ! we hope you have a great night !
yes ! listed below is our number .
our prices change frequently due to many factors with our live pricing system .
if you provide me with your order number i look into this and provide you with a refund for the difference .
whew , that was quick ! we understand though . ;)
whats your order number and email ? we shall look into this .
i will be sure to pass your issues with it on to our team and they will look into it further .
please send me a dm with your contact info and the store info and i will help .
hello ! we just launched at another 14 stations , and we 're working on more north of bloor by the end of the year !
right now i 'm devoting my energy to helping the poor .
we 're so sorry to hear about this issue ! can you please dm us more details ? thanks !
i am sorry but it is no longer available .
thanks , glad we can help
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
we 're sorry about that , we can help you get started with compensation here <URL> )
if you could send us a dm , i can take a closer look at your delivery if you 'd like .
sorry , what seems to be the problem today ?
not today , but please stay tuned .
thank you ! we love to hear when one of our staff does a great job !
i think the almond tea tree oil spray i got from london is quite expensive but i really love it !
it was amazing
thank you for shopping with us ! be sure to leave a review on the products after you have used them .
we are so sorry to hear about your disappointing experience . can you dm us for further help .
thanks for your interest in switching ! let us know if you have any questions along the way .
sorry for the delay , <USER> . glad you got through . if you need any more assistance , please let me know .
i am so sorry that you 've have difficulties during your travels . how can i help make this better for you ?
please call us at <NUMBERS> so we can help you !
when it comes to keeping my job i am a rule keeper . ( got to pay the bills ) in life i like to be a safe rule breaker . if that makes sense . ;) as long as you aren 't harming yourself or others . lead from within that 's right .
you are the best .
thanks ! i 'm looking into it now . sit tight .
hello <USER> please provide full details to us in a direct messge so we can investigate .
thank you so much for that information .
we are sorry to hear that the servie was not to your standards , please contact our customer service team so we can look in to the matter for you <NUMBERS> .
thank you ! glad you enjoyed it !
we would like to help you get this repaired . please send the information that we have requested .
please be patient we just launched a customer care page and it should be up and working in the next 24 hours so you can report your concerns .
we are very sorry to hear about your bad customer service experience . can you please provide further details . is there anything i can help with ?
sorry about that . here is a special number to call for expedited emergency contact .
i 'm sorrry you had this experience . allow me to assist you .
that 's a winner , jen ! dm us and we 'll send you a vintage tee in appreciation .
you can dm us and we will look into this for you .
so sorrya bout the delay . it will be there shortly !
you will be compensated for this inconvenience .
thanks , we love it too !
we 're so glad you 're happy with our service !
so sorry to hear about your bad experience . please dm us the details .
glad to hear it ! thank you for your patience and feedback , and thank you for being a part of the sprint family !
glad you could make it ;)
can you tell me what time and day this occurred ?
we hope you get it before then as well !
hi , please message us so we can look into this more .
appreciate it !
customer service can be reached at <E-MAIL>
so happy that he was there to help you . if you dm me your reg i 'd love to send this off to him so he can see it , if that is okay with you !
call us at <NUMBERS> so we can talk with you about ordering .
we 're so sorry to hear about this . please send us an email so we can help .
go ahead and have them contact our programming team . dm me and i can get it started .
thank you for such a great welcome and great customer service !
our site is new and we are steadily improving it
bold is the way to be . you just got yourself a vintage tee . check your dm asap !
call service at <NUMBERS> , they will be able to help you .
i find them horrifying every time and i have opted for the sports variety .
that 's so true !
we are so sorry to hear about your bad experience . please send us an email at <E-MAIL> and we can assist you with this issue .
no , hah your humor is like mine , it is from arnold in the unsung classic jingle all the way
i 'm sorry this happened . what can we do to make your future flights better ?
our products are very reasonably priced !
we are very excited about the introduction of the new #rx 450h f sport . the interior is beyond luxurious and has tons of great features .
which words did you write in the text ?
oh , no ! we 're so sorry you 're disappointed . please email us or give us a call so we can straighten it out .
<USER> searched and you are in luck , this store has brow bar at this moment ! go , go , go .
i am sorry you have had an issue . in order for me to assist you , can you please send me the store location you purchased your furniture from ?
that is not what we want to hear
our operators should always be on their best behaviour . we are very sorry about this .
@lgussupport can help you resolve this issue .
awww , we 're so flattered ! thanks ! :)
that 's terrific . if i can help you with anything else , please let me know .
we are sorry to hear about this , please make contact with us at the following number and or email .
thank you for sharing the good news ! it makes us very happy !
i find this quite interesting , i do have an extra soft for vaudevillains , that i have not confessed .
is that a discount or airport credit for restaurants and shops .
thanks !
thanks so much for including us ! :)
yes it is ! check this <URL> to find out more .
kindly send us your details for further assistance .
aww , thank so much ! :)
happy to help . please dm for further assistance .
so sorry , <USER> . there 's been a bit of a traffic snarl , but things should be resolved shortly . thank you for your patience .
hello <USER> . if you could please call us at <NUMBERS> we can check the status of your application for you .
sorry for the bad experience . we will make sure it gets fixed properly
please send me your tracking number so i can look into this for you .
we 'll reach out via email shortly !
we apologize for the inconvenience and would like to make it up to you . please send us your contact info and the route number , date and time you had this problem .
those sound like very tasty choices !
i wish i had an answer ! here 's a url where you can share your concerns .
i 'm so sorry you feel this way . what was the issue you encountered ?
we love making our customers happy ! thanks for being a fan ! !
we have replied to your dm , thanks .
thanks for the feedback ! we 're so happy that you are happy !
please forgive us , if you send us your information someone will contact you asap
of course we do , do you wan tto place an order ?
there will be a bus there shortly
please get in touch with us , we want to help you
thank you for your report . we will try to resolve this matter .
thank you for sharing the love !
just send us a message and we 'll have one that will work for you . thanks .
really sorry that this happened . send me your reg via dm if you would like more updates .
you are missing out if you haven 't met @dandtwitr .
hope it his the spot real well .
i 'm sorry this happened , get in contact with us so we can get this fixed
d4s does not have built in wife , but you can do an add on which will enable communication between the product and network . <URL>
we completely understand ! same girl , same .
send us a dm so that we can further look into your situation .
glad to hear this !
it could be a compatibility issue between your phone and bluettooth . what year is the vf ?
just wanted to do a quick follow up ! how is your order going ? send us a pm if you 'd like .
okay .
go ahead and check out <URL> at any time !
use this link or call us directly for further assistance .
thank you for the support cheering on #aus ! we appreciate the love !
we will expect it to be very shortly , can you dm me your order number ?
sure ! please call our customer service line for assistance .
dm us and let us see if there are any promotions and the likes for it !
could you provide us with that information that you have there ?
hey there ! we 're sorry to hear you 're disappointed . please call us at <NUMBERS> to talk to us .
oh no ! change your password immediately !
we would be happy to look if you will dm us your order number .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help !
thanks for the support ! #qlderproud
the order was delivered
i am sorry to hear this . please dm me so i can assist you with this matter .
would you dm us with your email address ?
if you would be so kind to get in touch with customer service at <NUMBERS> they will assist you further .
i am sorry for the delay . we were in the process of finding a replacement narrative clip for you . we will be sending a message today asking for your address and contact information .
i would be happy tohelp , could you please send me a dm
how thoughtful of you ! thanks !
stay healthy stay strong
thanks for the information . it 's been passed along and you should be hearing from us very soon .
we are happy to assist you today . thanks for your patience .
dm us with more info regarding your experience .
yes . that will work . happy to help .
that is some awesome feedback . thanks
thanks ! we stick to our standards !
someone will get back to you with your issue soon .
you can view this <URL> for the policy .
can you please clarify which exposure you 're referring to ?
thanks for your inquiry . i 'll send that up the ranks .
we love all of our fans ! !
hello <USER> , glad we were able to be of assistance .
we are curious how many t-shirts would you say you own overall ?
you can get them at jump + retailer in canada .
#supergalove !
oh nooo ! say it ain 't so ! as one mom to another , i 'd love to treat you to another . dm me your email address <URL>
sorry that this is taking so long . i 'll contact the brand to find out what the problem is .
i am sorry about the experience , how can i resolve this and restore your faith in us ?
hi , <USER> . a silver bracelet was handed in at the front desk . please contact emma m . at the comms team to retreive it . hopefully it 's yours ! if you need help contacting emma , please send us a dm with your name and phone number :)
we would love to track her down for you !
thanks <USER> , for your feedback but could you give more information on what your issue is with the game mode ?
follow @fedex so i can reply via dm .
we would like to help you with any problems there may be . contact us at @payumoneycare
sorry for the delay . if you have questions that need to be answered quicker please reach out to us directly .
let us know how we can help
we don 't like hearing this . please dm us and we can get this settled right away !
hi , i 'm sorry you hear you couldn 't get a hold of us , can you call us at <NUMBERS> or email us at <E-MAIL> .
hard work and dedication
we will be sure to take this into consideration
please send us a dm . please include the email , phone number and store location so that we can help .
we will get everything working again quickly .
sorry to hear about the length of time it took to respond . kindly dm you account details so we can check into this . thank you !
our pleasure !
you are welcome , keep up the good work .
please follow back so you can receive a private messae .
we hear what your saying ! will make sure to pass it along to @theqarena team !
such a fun day ! so glad you enjoyed it !
thanks so much for the kind words . we hope to see you again soon !
hello , there has been a report created for you . please check you dm for reference . thanks .
we really want to help , our computer product specialist can help via <NUMBERS> and live chat here <URL> .
hmm not sure but i will look into this now
b / berry can be reconfigured ?
please email <E-MAIL> so we can provide you with a solution .
lord of misrule and our autumn leaf will stay here until christmas
they will be on sale sometime in early october . please keep following for updates .
since smartpost packages are handled by usps , it appears that they may have more information on the status of the package . you can call usps with the same tracking number ( add a 92 to the front ) and hopefully they can be of more assistance .
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
yes we are looking to start competing with the big boys please keep an eye on our website for other exciting things coming for our customers .
can you please contact us at <E-MAIL> so we can take care of the issue for you ?
i understand . have you went on a test drive ?
my mistake , sorry about that . following again , how can i help you ?
sorry to hear you feel this way . please send us feedback or a dm so we can figure out things .
thank you so much for informing us of this problem . you can reach a representative by calling <NUMBERS> . we are also happy to help you via direct message . just send us more details on your problem . sorry for the delay and thanks so much for your patience .
hi . if you can dm us some more details , we 'd be glad to investigate this for you .
thanks for the support , we will need it !
we love that one too ! thanks for sharing !
that sounds like it will be a blast !
there is always next year . as long as we are all learning right ? keep it strong .
please dm your order number and i will check it out for you .
that is awesome ! thank you very much for the shout out
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
way to go !
that 's is so kind .
thank you , glad you enjoyed it .
i 'm sorry , i 'll look into this more thoroughly and get back with you as i agree there seems to be some consistences .
if you are upgrade eligible , that 's exactly right .
please send us the steps that you were following so we can try to recreate the error .
we are sorry for an inconvenience you may have faced regarding the concert cancellation . we notify our customers of cancellations through email and text . you should be receiving something soon .
dm me your order number and i will be happy to help .
hello , could you email us at <E-MAIL> so we can address this issue for you ?
can you dm us your account number and contact info so we can look into this for you ? thanks !
if you could dm me with the specific store i can check that for you .
sorry about the issue . please contact us so we may assist you .
we will be making new ones , stay tuned !
hi ! we have made a commercial with natural lashes enhanced by mascara !
thanks for the shout out !
we 're so sorry to hear about your bad experience . you may be eligible for compension !
please send us a dm with the order number and we 'll fix it up !
the plan shoudk not be effecting your service , let me troubleshoot this for you .
oh no ! do you know when the card was registered ? i can help ouy .
thanks for the tip !
hi cindy ! yes , those shoes do still exist , thankfully . here is a link to help you view them in every color available <URL>
ugh , that 's the wrost feeling . please send us a dm so we can try to make this better for you .
hi , please dm us and we can contact you to assist further .
yes , that is it ! i will check on it for you .
i 'm sorry for your experience , we have recently ran several new scripts and the app should be working correctly now . please reload the app and let us know if you have any more problems .
you absolutely can ! shoot us a pm and we 'll see what we can do !
thanks <USER> , i 've passed this on to our warehouse .
<USER> , it is a ruff life . :)
send a dm with your contact information including store info so that we can help .
thanks and happy birthday send me your info and i will fix your present . thanks
send dm ! will send a poster .
ok , i have sent the information , please tell me you can help !
what error code are you getting ?
we 're so sorry to hear this . we are working on the issue as best as we can .
email us with more info and we will be glad to help .
sorry to hear that . please contact us via email at <E-MAIL> or call at <NUMBERS> to discuss your experience .
i know .
well done !
thank you so much for the information . we passed on the compliments to dani and she was thrilled to hear it . thank you :) )
are you still waiting for pick up ?
we loved it !
always good to hear positive feedback from a loyal customer ! have a wonderful day and thank you !
we can see the unexpected !
we 're so sorry about that ! we had signal difficulties earlier this evening , which caused delays . sorry you got caught up in it !
<USER> , you can find just about anything on the web . try <URL>
yes , you are able to pick your phone up tomorrow when the stores open .
thank you for the feedback
you are welcome , can 't wait to see some awesome pics ! thanks .
yep ! see you soon :)
if you send us a dm we 'll do all we can !
thanks you and i will get this problem resolved . sorry for the delay . thanks
i added the money on this code . have a nice day .
you are very welcome .
our email is customersupport@bestbuy.com
sorry to hear that ! please dm us and we will contact you right away .
yes there is and we hope you have a wonderful stay !
you would need to buy it separately . there is a discount available at the airport in cuba .
yay greg ! this is great to hear .
i understand your frustration let me see if there is anything i can do to move this wait time along for you .
i hope it was nothing serious and you are on the road quickly . cheers .
you are so right ! onward soldiers !
i 'd love to help , <USER> . please dm your order number and i 'll check on that for you .
i am so sorry to hear that can you dm me your <NUMBERS> and i will look into this for you .
thanks , that is great to hear !
awesome ! :)
we 're sorry . are you not happy with your current one ?
can we send you a dm ? you will need to follow us .
thanks for asking they can be found in your account info at fedex . com . thanks
i 'm sorry to inform you this is not a service that we currently offer .
it is hard to resist , we agree !
thanks for the kind words !
haha ! maybe mapquest is poised for a comeback .
glad you are liking it !
i want to help you with this . do you have a confirmation number ?
great to hear , good luck <USER> !
if they do not work for you please send them straight back and we will arrange a refund .
there are meters being installed at a quick pace
i assure you we are working on it , what is the issue currently ?
i am so sorry to hear this . please send us a dm for further assistance .
hi , <USER> . have you visited <URL> for your refund ?
you can call 550 to speak with a live agent and they would be glad to assist you .
ouch , that 's no good . can you send us more details please ?
here 's some good news for you - take a look !
we try our best to meet everyone 's needs . for more direct assistance , contact @wind_cares .
congrats ! care for a test drive next ?
we will be in touch soon to resolve this issue .
user , please be patient while we follow up with this case . i will dm you the next instructions , i would hate for you to waste your time by going back to a service center prematurely . :)
i can fix this quickly . just send me your account info in a message please .
i " m sue we have something you would love ? can i help you set up a test drive ?
please allow us to help you get the compensation you deserve for you flight troubles : <URL>
oh no ! please dm us so we can help you .
yes we do , please dm me you information !
your number works now . kindly restart your phone and try again .
glad to have you back !
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
the link is available now . you can find it here . <URL>
can you update the darragh on where the business cards are located ?
apologies . we are unable to extend the sale .
ha ! maybe you can get it the next time you stop by !
hi , if you could send us an email at <E-MAIL> with the confirmation email we can help !
we discontinued it while we focus on even better apps !
you 're very welcome ! have a great day . :)
hi there ! yes the 10,000 / month plan is still in fact unlimited .
if you follow <URL> we can get you compensated .
hi <USER> , sorry to hear you are having an issue . please connect with us via dm so we can be of assistance .
i got your message and account info . we 'll have it cleared up soon .
we are working to restore this as soon as possible . can you dm me your <NUMBERS> ?
please contact us using the blue button there
i 'm sorry to hear about your experience . please follow us so we can dm you .
can you send me the tracking information at <E-MAIL> ?
great to hear ! we hope you can become our newest customer !
i am sorry to hear this . send me a dm with your account details and i will follow up .
can you tell us more about the issue ?
yes it most certainly is open !
we apologize , but they 've been sold out .
hi , we are sorry to hear this , we will make sure this departs quickly .
i am sorry about that <USER> , traffic seems to bunch up at that time of day .
glad you like them !
can you dm us your account info to look into this further ?
we do not know at the moment but please keep fllowing us for up to the minute updates .
thanks for contacting us ! please telephone the location you 're considering visiting so they can look into this for you !
so glad you enjoyed your stay !
we 'll reply in a moment <USER> !
hello daniel can you please provice us the dm for the order number and we will look into this
can you please send us your order number so this issue can be resolved ?
you 're welcome ! thanks for your business .
i 'm really sorry about that . i 'm going to forward your concerns to the right department .
sorry , we will send this feedback to the right department !
we 've done some work behind the scenes , give it another try
happy birthday from all of us as well ! also , we 'd love to send a token birthday gift if you 'l like to give us contact information .
how did we not know about it , was waiting myself .
go forth and flourish on the byways of saint catherine !
yes they will be available after the concert in camden . thanks
we are always glad to hear that !
check out <URL> or call <NUMBERS> when and how much season tickets are going to be .
please try calling one of our reservation centers to get this sorted : <NUMBERS>
yep , it fits in the square tin as well !
you will want to enter your login and password at <URL> , if you need help with finding your password hit " forgot password " . thanks !
i will reach out to our colleagues and they will be in touch .
seems like a cool idea to me .
glad you are so excited , if you can remain patient you will be contacted as soon as it is available .
hey , thanks for bringing this up to your attention please tell @sylogum to reach out again
this is not our customer care team . please contact wyndham rewards directly .
we will report this to the right department , please contact us at <NUMBERS> if you would like .
sorry to hear you are upset .
hello , i can get that information for you . please send your name , delivery address , phone number , and tracking numbers .
try downloading the app and see how that works .
are you ok now ? is everything ok ?
if you can send a photo of your receipt for us we can find the information for you .
thanks for letting us know .
we thank you , it affects a lot of people .
thank you for your understanding
hey <USER> we 'll pass this to our r & d department .
please send a dm so we can help you further .
hi for more info please visit <URL>
please contact us so we can make this right !
i 'm sorry to hear about that . if you provide your phone number i will personally call to discuss your problem .
this makes us happy to hear . thanks for the love . have an awesome day !
we think those shirts are pretty swanky !
hello there <USER> , that isn 't good ! have you tried " forgot your password " ?
we had two call-ins this morning , which left us short-handed . sorry this affected you ! :(
that sounds like brightside bubble bar .
we 're glad to hear this !
i 'm very sorry to hear about your experience with one of our drivers ! i 'm going to look into this further . in the mean time , could you provide us with the license plate number , date / time of occurrence , street name , zip , and your contact phone number ? thank you advance .
ooh , yum ! what a tasty and healthy meal !
so happy for you , enjoy
it all depends realy .
can you send me your order details so we can get that fixed for you ?
thanks for the feed back , we have sent it to our marketing team .
great picture , <USER>
happy to be a part of your morning ! congratulations your #greattaste in #coffee has won you one of our vintage tees ! please dm us to claim your prize :) )
i can look into that if you provide your policy number and pull up our dms .
sure ! dm 'd you the info .
yeah , they are great !
here to help . question . the last email you got did it have a ticket reference ?
please tweet our customer service team who can help you @tmiecs
that is correct .
you can contact us so that we can speak with the person cancelling . this is for security purposes .
it is a browser we have been working on , you can find out more at <URL> .
contact us if you have any more problems .
great . glad you are happy .
hi , sorry to hear your issues . can you tell us more about your issues ?
thanks , we will look into it .
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
this isn 't good to hear . send us a message and i can further assist you .
i 'm so sorry to hear about this issues ! which email address did you reach out to ?
enjoy that <USER> you deserve it !
can you please dm us your login id so we can help ? thank you so much !
can i use your email . yes the order number starts with a 9 .
great , thanks . this has been passed on to customer service and they will be in touch soon .
those would be vintage #levi's ! they look amazing .
this is only a small tweak and has no impact on your service !
please email <E-MAIL> so we can help compensate you !
you will need a clip to gain access .
sorry to hear that . can you tell us what happened ?
get one by contacting <E-MAIL> for order issues .
let 's have a look into this , please dm us for further assistance .
we can be reached at <NUMBERS> and <E-MAIL> . look forward to hearing from you !
i would be happy to send you further information if you send a dm :)
glad you enjoyed it <USER> , have a great day !
so sorry to hear ! could you please speak to a manager or dm us with store location ?
seems to be a technical issue . dm us your contact info and address and we will send a refund and gift certificate .
not as of this moment , sorry .
so happy to hear it ! love all the love you have for lush !
we will see what we can do . will you dm you id so we can see what is going on .
hi , try uninstalling the app , also you can reboot your device and reinstall . i hope this helps .
glad you enjoy our products . we are always updating our styles as times go . you can check out other options that may better suit your needs .
okay give me a moment while i read the details
sure , of course . i 'll send a message right over to them .
can you contact our customer service with your problem <URL> ?
really sorry to hear this happened . please send me your delivery address , tracking and phone number via dm and we will help .
we have those !
awesome ! thanks so much for sharing this with us . glad we could be of assistance .
wow , so sorry to hear about this . please send us a dm here and i will do my best to figure it all out .
we don 't have that information at this time but if you follow us or sign up for email alerts at <URL> we can inform you the minute that info is available .
we had some delays along that route earlier which disrupted the balance . which stop are you at ?
let me see if i can find you something more to your liking . which price range are you interested in ?
hi there . our loaves can also be found at asfa and sainsbury ! feel free to use our store locator to see which one is closest to you !
can you dm me your shipping info ? i 'd be happy to help you find a customer solution !
yes we are , here are the stores participating <URL> .
that is on the same night . :(
you can get a quote here <URL> .
so sorry for your service problem . please send me your contact info . thanks and i can help .
can you please dm us , we are limited to the number of characters for our response .
please call us <NUMBERS> to discuss the issue further .
i was unable to find a response for that tracking number <USER> . could you please resend the number again ?
congratulations . we are very happy for you .
there is not a plaza premium lounge in sfo
i understand your frustration , and humbly ask your patience during this , one of toronto 's major festivals .
can you provide me with a few more details of what you are experiencing through a dm ?
can you dm us with the particulars and we will investigate further ?
i 'm sorry your biscuits were not up to your expectations . we strive to make our biscuts delightful in every way .
yes , keep your eyes peeled .
no other promotions or vouchers can be used in conjunction with the offer .
we would like yo hear more about your stay . please give us a call at this number <NUMBERS>
we 're working on getting it out as soon as possible .
hi sonia , can you dm me and i will be happy to help , thanks--lisa
perhaps i can find another offer for you . what was your account number ?
can you provide the country you are contacting us from ?
you 're very welcome ! we 'd love to know more about your experience - if you have time , please complete the survey at this link ! thanks !
we are sorry to hear you are dissatisfied , what can we do to make it right ?
your feedback is greatly appreciated .
you 're more than welcome !
could you please forward me your flight number and i 'll get working on that right away for you .
clear your browse history and try again while we continue to investigate .
thanks for the shoutout !
hey there , sorry you are having issues finding tickets to beyonce , are you getting an error message when you try to search ?
we apologize for the confusion and are glad you got an answer ,
thank you for providing this information , i have passed your comments along to the appropriate team for further investigation .
we hope to see you soon .
i know that feeling ! its like a surprise even though you know whats coming its still fun to get deliveries ! thanks for using fedex !
i hate to hear that . could you please call us at <NUMBERS> so that we can look into this ?
could you provide more details of what wen wrong please ?
we 're attempting to reach a resolution quickly .
try to reset to see if that corrects the problem . otherwise visit a local service center .
the new court will have the champ logos installed very soon . keep following us @cavs for all the latest news !
i am unable to find this model number . can you please tell me the country that you are in ?
you are very welcome ! please let us know if anything else comes up .
we 're sorry to hear that , whats wrong with your baby ? hope its a simple fix .
oh no ! can you give us more details as to what happened and what the camera is doing now ? we are more than happy to help you troubleshoot .
send us info and we can see about thanking you properly for your idea
it should be credited to your account within 14 business days .
hi there , you may have reached us outside of our business hours , but we are open now if you 'd like to give us a ring ! otherwise , i 'm happy to assist you online .
we sure are ! thanks for your support !
please bring the package to an aldi so they can help .
you should see it next month .
we 're glad you love them ! the toms available for purchase can all be found on our website at <URL> .
you can ask at the checkout for the digital receipt . more and more stores are using that as an option .
great to hear the problem has been resolved ! let us know if you need anything else !
can you dm your order number please ?
we are looking into the issue now !
we are sorry to hear that , please send us a dm with the details .
can you be more specific ?
hi , there will be times when both air conditioning and heating will work at the same time .
thank you so much for the suggestion ! i 'll be sure it gets to the right team .
we have added it so you can order now !
thanks for giving us a heads up ! these areas can be a bit tricky but stay tuned for updates .
i also think some changes could be made to the way the team is coached
okay , please keep me updated ! thanks
we 're currently performing maintenance . service will resume as normal shortly .
enjoy our services . thanks .
i understand , job hunting is never fun . hopefully something will come along soon .
hi , <USER> , i love their gel eyeliners , but i may be a tad biased . ;)
you should receive it by the end of next week .
hi there ! so sorry to hear about the trouble you are having with your account . we will forward this issue to the right department to get it resolved and they will be in touch with you shortly .
that 's a big problem ! what can i do to fix it ?
please send us a dm ! we want to look into this matter !
sorry about your issue . contact us directly for further assistance .
thanks for the feedback .
pleased send us a dm and provide us with more details and we will see how we can help you with the problems you are having with your device .
which one are you going to use first ?
we are working to adress this issue .
thanks for your support ! #rio2016
yes , that 's correct .
since we can 't control your hydro bills , you should contact your hydro provider for more information .
hi , we recently started a page : @iwcare a member pertinent to that page will help you out .
thanks for your feedback ! we strive to be the best
we 're sorry , that was a typo that will be fixed .
i would love to assist you with this , plesae send me a dm
we look forward to you joining the sprint family .
please check your dm for further instructions .
we will look into that asap .
sorry you experienced issues while trying to get a cab . may i have your mobile number so that i can look into this further ?
these bands are limited edition and we are unsure of their restock info . they also at the time can not be shipped to canada . if you want to leave contact info i can update you if anything changes .
well , at least it 's sunny outside !
great !
you can find our coffee where you buy groceries .
i will pass this on to our team , thanks !
we are working hard to fix the problem .
unfortunately it was time to retire the spicy chicken in order to bring you more mouthwatering recipes that you 're sure to love .
i finally got a live person so that is a start , i have dm 'd my account number , you should see the issue in the notes , ii has been going on for three weeks .
i will take a look into your email as soon as possible . thanks for the patience .
sorry for the delay . there have been network issues . thanks
we will look into that .
we are very sorry to hear that , please send a dm with all the details and we will be happy to assist you , .
i 'm sorry to hear this . for issues with blockbuster in the united kingdom , please contact @blockbuster_uk
we sure appreciate compliments .
so sorry to hear about this impression . we appreciate your feedback .
rarely there are mistakes . visit <URL> for more information #safetyfirst
sorry to hear that ! @payumoneycare will help you out
have a safe drive home .
our dealership in vic should be able to assist you with this
hey <USER> , i 'd love to hear if you were able to fix this problem or if there 's anything i can do for you .
please be careful with it disassembled when you bring it back to any ikea location for a refund as part of the recall of malm dressers built between january 2002 and june 2016 . hope this helps
thanks for the feed back ! we passed it on to our team .
hi there , my name is isabelle . i 'm really sorry this happened and i 'd be happy to provide you with assistance . if you dm me your name , address , tracking number and phone number , i 'll get this sorted out for you .
thank you - we are excited that you are taking part in this !
so sorry about the delays . sometimes events are unforeseeable . what flight number are you referring to ?
glad that we could help !
send us a dm with more info including your personal contact info and member id .
we 've made a small change , sorry for the confusion .
we 're working on it !
that is shocking to us as well ! please send me a dm so we can talk and get things taken care of .
i am sorry you are having an issue . if you can tell me a little more about your issue , i will work to help resolve it .
i have already canceled the orders as you requested . would you like to place another order for the hoodie ?
hi <USER> we are so sorry to hear how the hurricane season has not been off to a good start ! please send us a dm so we can talk more about it .
<USER> , thank you for being so patient .
your grades are awesome !
if you 'd like to find our stores please take a look at <URL> with your postcode + select crumpets . that should fix your issue .
we are so sorry to hear about this issue , <USER> ! please dm me with full details on this situation so we can further assist you .
we are happy to hear you had a great time !
your so very welcome ! thank you for choosing tigo !
please pm your contact info and store location .
i am sorry , our tech support will be in touch with you in the next few minutes .
when did you notice this ? please send any other relevant details . thank you for your report . we will see that this is investigated immediately .
yes , we are back up and running !
password protect and child-proof the computer .
that 's awesome . tweet us your picture for a chance to see yourself on the humongotron !
we can 't possibly say for certain , but please stay tuned to our website for product updates !
sadly you won 't be able to order online , but use our store locator to find the closest location near you .
email us directly and we will resolve your issue .
sorry about that , you can stay up to date at <URL> .
dm us with more info about your experience .
we are sorry to hear you are unsatisfied , can you please let us know if there is anything we can do ?
sorry to hear about the trouble you are having at super 8 ! please reach out to us at customer service so we can see how we can resolve the problems with the locks .
i 'm sorry to hear this . please contact us with your experience via dm so we can look into it further .
we are sorry about the experience , send us a dm or email for assistance
you 're very welcome . we have a technician assigned to your problem and it should be resolved shortly .
appreciate the support
sorry to hear that . please let us know how we can help .
i am so glad i was able to resolve this issue for you . have a great week !
nice !
great , is it general for the plane or can i order something for myself on flight ?
that should be up shortly . please try again . sorry for the inconvenience .
please give us more details so we can be better able to help you .
we are so glad you loved it !
thank you and we love having you .
aw , thanks ! we wouldn 't be where we are without people like you and your dad !
glad to hear it .
i know what a bummer !
can you send me the order number please ?
we 're so sorry to hear about this ! can you please dm us more details , and your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help !
i do wish to help , please dm or email at <E-MAIL> and we will work this out .
wow , we are so sorry to hear this . we want to help fix this issue please dm us with all of your info . we will keep at this until it gets better .
please let us know what happened , as long as it is not a product on backorder the vouchers should work for anything .
we have let this be known . gracias .
sorry to see this has happened to your sofa ! let me see if i can help . can you dm me your phone number ?
there is a known issue , please try loggin in in a few hours
thanks for your support cheering on #aus . let 's go aussies
oh , no , <USER> , that is not the experience we want our customers to have . if you 'd like for me to assist you , please send a dm or <E-MAIL> .
we did . however , you can come through our brick and mortar shop !
we are excited to see your entry !
thanks for the mention ! stay tuned for more details !
congratulations ! i 'm glad you are happy with our product .
back in high school days huh ?
can we make it right ? give us more details
we are sorry to hear about the trouble you had ! we will forward this to the team and fix this issue for the future .
please send a dm with a screenshot so we can figure this out .
how you see the bands on our website is what they will be .
terribly sorry for any inconvenience this has caused . please contact us at <NUMBERS> and an associate can do a more thorough check on your order status .
glad to see your shining fandom ! #uptheblues
thanks for your interest , <USER> ! we anticipate the ikea store in dartmouth to open sometime in late fall of 2017 . hope this helps !
we are sorry about that , please contact <E-MAIL> .
please make sure you dont have any adblockers
what do you think about the newest one ?
can you please tell us the number of your train for more details ?
i am sorry that this happened , let me give you some warranty options .
definitely not what we want to hear ! can you dm the details of the problem ?
funny !
we 're glad to hear about it !
thanks for the love !
just make sure the water is not too not .
you are quite welcome ! let us know if you ever need more help with your vehicle .
please send me a dm so i can get it to the right department
can you dm me your information and i will look into it .
what is the issue , i can look into it myself .
we hear you loud and clear ! it 's disheartening .
enjoy your day !
thank you very much !
stay tuned for that at the end of summer .
it 's beautiful ! have you taken a test drive ?
you will receive your package shortly , no later than 10:30 am .
i apologize
you 're welcome !
i 'm really sorry to hear that . can you send me a dm with extra details for us to look into this ?
please send a dm with the order number so we can let customer care know .
has chat started ?
i have contacted you on twitter dm
hi user , tell us more about complaint please / we are happy to help
let us check on that for you
thank you for your kindness !
for the tracking number , please .
sorry to hear of your issues , how can we help you with this ?
hi <USER> , we 're sorry about this . looping in our customer team @vmbusinesshelp to help give you an update .
no just bring back the disc in the same case . you ' re fine !
sorry for the misunderstanding . we have contacted service and will resolve the issue . thanks
please fee free to contact our mobile team @lgusamobile for any questions or suggestions .
it 's a great lens ! what camera are you using ?
welcome on board
sorry to hear you don 't like the website . how can we help ?
you will be refunded . thank you !
i would be happy to check coverage for you if you send a dm with you zip code and the nearest cross streets .
<USER> that is great news !
you are correct in your assessment .
on our website , you will see that the backstage tour package is different from the meet and greet . there will be an area set up in the arena where people can wait until it is time for the sound check .
we love it too ! thank you for being a @lexus fan .
hit up our customer service .
we are extremely sorry to hear about your flight delay . please send us your flight number and passenger id number . we may be able to provide reimbursement for your troubles .
could you please clarify . not clearly understanding why a person 's religious background would pose a problem with them owning a business .
please dm us , you won 't get charged for anything you didn 't buy . we 'll resolve the matter .
luv ya too ! ! !
you 'll make it through just fine ! :)
i understand your frustration . will you give me the invoice # or tell me the salespersons name you dealt with in the store .
hi <USER> can you call our 1-800- subaru 3 line or go through the <URL> we really want to help you figure things out !
sure . please dm us so we can look into your question .
have a good time !
thanks @princesskitin . we received the dm and will help you out as much as we can .
yes , they certainly are .
if you contact our tech support i am sure they resolve this . their number is <NUMBERS> .
we are open 24/7 , contact us whenever you want
sorry for the inconvenience . the maintenance has to be completed in order to provide improved services to our customers .
are other images working or are they all not displaying ?
we have a few promotion videos , you can view then at <URL> , may i assist with any questions ?
that sounds wonderful , great idea !
thanks for your support !
we received your dm and have sent a response .
<USER> that is not the experience we want to provide for our sprint family . will you dm us so that we can figure out how to fix this for you ?
it is in dec .
so sorry about the wait . we are currently working on it .
ok . is there anything else i can help with ?
hi ! pleaes dm us with the code you are using and see the rebate , thanks !
we would be more than happy to help . contact the <NUMBERS> here to help .
could you please dm us with more details about this ?
okay great , follow up with me tomorrow so that we can proceed if need be .
i am so sorry to hear this . please send us a dm with the best contact info for you !
hey <USER> ! thanks for the heads up on this situation . please contact us via direct message with more info so we can help !
hello please check your dm for our reply , thank you !
we 're sorry to hear that . can you dm us your email so that we can have a rep reach out to you ?
that 's incredible to hear , i 'm glad you feel that way !
i would be happy to look into this if you provide your tracking number and delivery address .
sorry to hear of your bad experience ! please provide the location address for this location and we will follow up on this !
i am sorry to hear this . if you email us @ <E-MAIL> we will be happy to resolve this .
sorry to hear that , can you give us some more details at <E-MAIL> ?
please send us a dm with a thorough explanation of the issues . one of our specialists will be able to assist your needs !
sorry you had an issue , we will look into your ticket asap
the packages have been sent , but tracking is unavailable , unfortunately .
go out and the best you can be !
we apologize for not having this product available right . please check back with us later .
yes , you are welcome to sell your foot wear at journeys , it is in fact one of the popular choices that most choose from the authorized retailers available .
thank you for your payment
sorry about that send your info here <E-MAIL>
cool . you will do fine ;)
hello <USER> this is concerning to hear , can i help you ?
we love you as well !
sorry , we passed it along to them , should be fixed now .
sorry to hear that , what problems are you having ?
this week has had some issues which we are working around the clock to improve
good job ! we are rooting for you !
have you clicked on the unsubscribe button at the bottom of the email ?
we definitely care and will be looking into the issue .
thank you !
if you dm us we will send you a list of links for that purpose .
let me access that and then i 'll send you a message with a link where you can track it .
unfortunately , we do not offer saturday delivery .
so sorry about the miscommunication , you should be able to sit in your seat .
we hate to see you have problems . the contact information can be found on our website .
please dm us your information and we will work on a replacement .
thanks !
if you do not reach a canadian at first you can always request to be transfered
awesome idea ! we 'll pass it on .
please dm us your order number , issue and contact info .
please read our warranty instructions on the website ! thank you !
at what station are you located ?
sorry to hear about this please email us at <E-MAIL> or call us 1-800-466-1589 and we will see what we can do .
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your policy number . we are happy to help .
yes . make your phone purchase directly from us in order to activate the data package .
can you please go to see the dm we sent you .
hello , please save the records if you still feel unconfident about our service agents .
thanks for the shoutout ! :)
glad to have you !
we will take your feedback and apply it .
everything is on the market . good luck , try a little harder .
we like to hear you like us . stay in touch .
re working hard around the clock to get this resolved in a timely manner
sweet !
please contact us to refund you the differnce
yes , please make sure to have your receipt with you .
we 're so sorry to hear about that ! can you please dm us your contact info ? we 'd be happy to help .
of course , here 's the tracking information <URL>
that seems interesting .
i feel the same .
hello <USER> , i am sorry to learn of the issue you are having . can you please dm your information so we can be of further assistance to you .
please contact us at <E-MAIL> or you can dm directly so that we can check into this situation for you .
hi , thank you for contacting us . we can track your package , what is your order number ?
hurrah 🎁 😀 !
take it easy ! good night .
we do not carry that style anymore but we have similar ones
sorry you 're having a problem . try removing the app and downloading it again .
this is not how we at best buy conduct ourselves please dm us for a special coupon
super cool - thanks for sharing ! :)
we will update you soon regarding your case .
enjoy !
nope , you are not . the contest starts in an hour . good luck !
the service problem has been reported , sorry for the inconvenience . thanks
way to go !
it 's unfortunate that this happens but our techniques are shown to be helpful .
the lush bath bomb story sounds intriguing !
we 're so sorry , please dm us and we 'll help you out .
apologies . we 're currently working on that .
thanks for the feedback . we are working on it .
we believe the formula on the website is up to date .
i 'm sorry to hear that . what disappointed you ?
what 's the order # ?
i 'm so sorry . what is your order number ?
i just emailed you with the updated tracking information . your missing item should be arriving later on this week .
that would be great
toms has a great line of all types of shoes for every occasion . check em out .
glad you had a great time please come and see us again next year ! !
if you need to know more , here 's some info for you :
mooo ! you 're welcome .
impressive .
they can enter this contest .
you will soon be able to do this and more . keep watching for more details .
we 're having lovely weather . anything i can do for you today ?
hi there . we have received your message and someone will be in contact soon . thank you for your patience !
no , i 'm unable to see that . did you receive an automated reply ?
can we help , <USER> ? we want you to be happier !
sorry to hear that . please contact us by dm for further assistance .
sorry this is happening . i sent the issue off to the team . appreciate your patience . thanks .
we are so sorry . please dm so we ca make it up to you . thanks for your patience .
we would be more than happy to exchange it for you . please dm us to get a return address .
yes but they will need to be checked in
thanks , <USER> . we appreciate you , too .
thanks for chearing on our team ! #aus #rio2016
i am sorry to hear this . i am going to bring in our @vmbusinesshelp colleagues who will be able to sort this out for you .
how can we help you today ?
thanks for the shout out !
can you please dm us your name , address , and account number .
please contact us at <E-MAIL> .
okay , hopefully that works , then . can i get your name so i can tell them who sent me ?
check the email i just sent you .
dm us with when and where you bought your toms .
let us know how it goes !
that 's great to hear !
we 're terribly sorry about your experience . can you dm us further details including the issue and names ?
ok , i am sending a dm with a link , click on that and reboot , let me know if it works .
please try to clear your cache , and reload the web page .
we discontinued this product because it was not popular .
what exactly are the issues you are having ?
that 's what i 'm talking about ! how do you take your coffee ?
i have to say , i agree with you ! what 'd you order ?
we apologize that you had a bad experience . please send us a dm with your issues . we are happy to help .
2nd floor , college park house , 20 nassau street , dublin 2
thank you for your support !
team members return first thing in the morning to help .
if you dm me with your telephone number i can look it up that way .
please reach out to 03456 07 08 09 for help where you are located .
thanks for sharing your beautiful shots !
no problem at all . that 's what we 're here for .
we will have a team member figure this out for you and dm you shortly !
we are so sorry to hear of that experience . which location were you staying at ?
sorry about that . another bus should be arrive shortly .
started at sevilla , unhappy spell at napoli , got my mojo back at zenit st petersburg ( ba-boom ) , legend at sporting <3
yes you can . provide order number
hi we assisted you on 31/8 / 2017 can we help you any more with this matter ?
i 'm glad you like it ! thanks so much !
i will get in touch with our dispatch service to locate the bus and get back to you .
hello , adelle tickets will not be available through us as it is not a ticketmaster event ;(
please send a message to <E-MAIL> .
we apologize for the troubles you went through , please send us a direct message to be able to assist you .
thanks for sharing ! we feel the same way about you !
i 'm very sorry about your frustrations . dm me with your account number and i will have someone look into your issues .
you 're welcome ! glad you enjoy the ride .
hi user , unfortunately our system does not have the ability to add the symbols to business cards yet . most customers use text to indicate the social media handles ; i . e . twitter : xyz . hopefully this helps . thanks for contacting us !
i apologize for the delay , can i get your order number so i can check the status ?
thanks for notifying us ! we 've passed this along to our team so they can address the issue .
yes . the email is from our marketing department .
<USER> if you could please send us your dm with reg / vin @vauhall so we can help you with this .
i 'm sorry for your financial distress . perhaps you could purchase our product at the goodwill store ?
no problem ! thanks for reaching out .
please dm us your number so we can look into it for you
i am so sorry about this i will have the customer service team follow up with you .
the short code to subscribe should be the last four digits of your account number plus " 231 " .
it should work if you follow these directions <URL> .
we 're so sorry to hear that ! can you dm us your contact info so we can get in touch ? we 'd be happy to help .
it 's good to hear from you . you can simply forward your proposal to <E-MAIL> .
thank you for your interest in moto e4 . please follow us for updates in this matter .
sorry to hear this , can you send an email ?
would you like me to suggest some alternate movies to add to your wish list ?
